

#left .ff-ad a{
font-size: 11px;
line-height:15px;
}



Features

About
Share a Script
Search Scripts
Stats

View Scripts


English Adult
CommercialBusiness (620)Character (155)Dialogue (59)Food & Beverage (451)Health & Beauty Aids (456)Imaging (21)Infomercial (17)Kids (15)Political (14)Promo & Trailer (251)Promotional (103)Public Service Announcement (PSA) (202)Retail (484)Transportation (334)Travel & Entertainment (224)NarrationAnimation (34)Announcements (7)Audiobook (278)Biography (138)Character (83)Corporate (145)Documentary (399)eLearning & Education (177)Exercise (5)Government (7)Inspiration, Relaxation (85)Internet Audio (10)Medical & Pharmaceutical (82)Non-Profit (14)Podcast (11)Telephony (90)Tongue Twisters (59)Tours (46)Travelogue (33)Video Game (43) 
Spanish
CommercialBusiness (20)Character (2)Dialogue (8)Food & Beverage (30)Health & Beauty Aids (21)Imaging (1)Kids (1)Promo & Trailer (4)Promotional (1)Public Service Announcement (PSA) (15)Retail (18)Transportation (13)Travel & Entertainment (4)NarrationAnimation (3)Audiobook (6)Biography (1)Corporate (14)Documentary (23)eLearning & Education (17)Exercise (2)Government (2)Inspiration, Relaxation (2)Internet Audio (2)Medical & Pharmaceutical (11)Non-Profit (5)Telephony (5)Tongue Twisters (1)Tours (6)Travelogue (2) 
English Children
CommercialBusiness (1)Character (11)Dialogue (2)Kids (32)Promo & Trailer (2)Promotional (1)Retail (1)Travel & Entertainment (1)NarrationAnimation (18)Audiobook (82)Biography (4)Character (4)Documentary (14)eLearning & Education (26)Medical & Pharmaceutical (1)Non-Profit (2)Tongue Twisters (2)Tours (2)Video Game (1) 



Variable flow turbo.  Instant response for the instant-messaging crowd.  The Acura RDX
We are very excited to enter our twelfth year of providing worldwide adventure travel programs for both the seasoned traveler and those venturing out for the first time. We offer both all-women’s and coed programs to domestic and international destinations. Each year, we reflect upon our original mission ... “to create travel opportunities that promote an ethic of care and nurture a sense of global relationship,” each of our programs promises to honor this mission. A result of this commitment has been the rich and lasting friendships we’ve made with hundreds of spirited travelers. We invite you to join us on an adventure crafted by experts that is both exhilarating and rejuvenating and contributes in a positive way to our global community.
On our island, you can party all night, or you can have a quiet, romantic evening. Maybe rocking to Reggae suits your style, or how about strolling through a posh plantation while sipping a mango margarita? No, it’s not a dream, it’s paradise -- it’s Jamaica. And Air Jamaica is waiting to whisk you away on your choice of non-stop flights from New York to Montego Bay for only $199! Now that you don’t have to sell your soul to get to Paradise, what are you waiting for? Call your travel agent, or AIR JAMAICA at 1-800-JET-AWAY.
Water. Clear, fresh and life-giving to the crops of the Alacola Valley. Rushing ever onward to the sea. The waters of the Minset River visit this lush valley to replenish the soil and color the land. Yellow citrus, green vegetables, blueberries and ruby-red fruit checkerboard the landscape in brilliant hues. Farmers, who have tended this land for generations move from field to field inspecting the size, calculating weight and measuring progress. Progress is slow. But only with time can the flavors of the Alacola Valley reach perfection. And it's perfection that the Alacola Valley is all about. The possibility of a early frost, the likelihood of invading insects and the consequence of even 3 extra days of rain weighs heavily on the minds of the land's caretakers. But today is glorious and worry will wait until tomorrow.
Flock to Florida, hang ten in Hawaii, cruise in California... whichever sun-sational trip you take, you’ll get discounts of up to 25% off Alamo’s great rates, so you can have a cool time in a hot place. See ya in the sun! Call your local Virtuoso travel specialist for reservations or information.
Before you stand in Denali’s shadow, view moose up close, float down the Yukon, and marvel at Glacier Bay, you have to call Holland America. Our Alaska is not just a collection of sights. It’s feeling the Gold Rush come to life, floating downriver on our exclusive Yukon Queen. And a first glimpse of sky-splitting peaks from our spacious railcars. To get started, simply ask for our free Alaska Planning Guide. It’s brimming with everything you need to plan your dream trip, from the friendliest, most knowledgeable staff in Alaska. Put the dream in motion today. The difference is Holland America.
Before you stand in Denali’s shadow, view moose up close, float down the Yukon, and
marvel at Glacier Bay, you have to call Holland America. Our Alaska is not just a
collection of sights. It’s feeling the Gold Rush come to life, floating downriver on our
exclusive Yukon Queen. And a first glimpse of mountain peaks that split the sky, from
our spacious railcars. To get started, simply ask for our free Alaska Planning Guide. It’s
brimming with everything you need to plan your dream trip, from the friendliest, most
knowledgeable staff in Alaska. Put the dream in motion today. The difference is Holland
America.
At Alaska Airlines, you'll never fight for a seat. Maybe that's because we give you one when you book your flight. Check-out the selection of seats and low fairs at alaskaair.com
Get the hottest book from the coolest state. It's FREE! Alaska - the people, the places, the beauty. It's like nothing you've ever experienced before. Alaska. Beyond Your Dreams. Within Your Reach.
To celebrate 15 years of successful cooperation, Alitalia is pleased to offer its passengers the prestigious scarves of the Salvatore Ferragamo collection at an exclusive price. Alitalia and Salvatore Ferragamo...15 years on board together.
250 cities. 40 countries. One airline. American Airlines.
How long has it been? Would you even recognize it if it started again? Sometimes, the feelings that matter the most get buried under a stack of “to-do’s”. So with low fares available on AA.com, isn’t it time to get away? Together? American Airlines.
Lose your passport? No Sweat. We’ll help you replace it 24/7, along with your American Express travelers checks so you can relax and enjoy your vacation
So much beauty in one place! America is a great country, and we’ve got the best way to see it. Amtrak “Explore America” fares. Round trips from one hundred and seventy nine dollars all across America. It’s a great country at a great price. Call 1-800-USA-RAIL now about Amtrak “Explore America” fares.
So much beauty in one place! America is a great country, and we’ve got the best way to see it. Amtrak “Explore America” fares. Round trips from one hundred and seventy nine dollars all across America. It’s a great country at a great price. Call 1-800-USA-RAIL now about Amtrak “Explore America” fares.
So much beauty in one place! America is a great country, and we’ve got the best way to see it. Amtrak “Explore America” fares. Round trips from one hundred and seventy nine dollars all across America. It’s a great country at a great price. Call 1-800-USA-RAIL now about Amtrak “Explore America” fares.
This is not a scene from a century ago. It’s circa 2000, a portrait of modern-day riders of the purple sage. See the Old West in Arizona. Where it’s easy to wrangle a visit to a real ranch, be it wild or wildly luxurious. For your free travel packet, contact Arizona tourism at 1-800-925-6689 or www.ArizonaGuide.com. Arizona. The Grand Canyon State.
Arizona is a vacation destiny like no other. An entirely unique state of mind that gives you everything you'd expect from the grandest of states. From towering red rock spires to urban excitement, the Grand Canyon's stunning vistas to quiet mountain towns, Arizona has it all.
Just enjoy a place that will make you forget all about work, deadlines, schedules, budgets, and all that other junk. A place that will refresh, renew, and reinvigorate you. Arkansas, The Natural State.
On other islands, the trees grow straight up.  On Aruba, they may take another path.  On other islands, the coins are round.  Ours are square.  On other islands, they still charge you for a rainy day.  We have almost no rainy days.  On other islands, your vacation is one of many businesses.  On Aruba, it’s our only business.  Wouldn’t you rather do things our way?  Aruba ... our only business is you.
There's an island so unique even the trees bend to your wishes.  Where people smile when they say hello.  You may not feel a drop of rain, but you'll love the water.  It's all up to you on Aruba.  Call your travel agent, or 1-800-TO-ARUBA.  ARUBA, the island for you.
On other islands, the trees grow straight up. On Aruba, they may take another path. On other islands, the coins are round - Ours are square. On other islands, they still charge you for a rainy day. We have almost no rainy days. On other islands, your vacation is one of many businesses. On Aruba, it's our only business. Wouldn't you rather do things our way? Aruba ... our only business is you.
On other islands, the trees grow straight up.
On Aruba, they may take another path.
On other islands, the coins are round.
Ours are square.
On other islands, they still charge you for a rainy day.
We have almost no rainy days.
On other islands, your vacation is one of many businesses.
On Aruba, it's our only business.
Wouldn't you rather do things our way?
Aruba... our only business is you.
There’s an island so unique even the trees bend to your wishes. Where people smile when they say hello. You may not feel a drop of rain, but you’ll love the water. It’s all up to you on Aruba. Call your travel agent, or 1-800-TO-ARUBA. ARUBA, the island for you.
It is always summer in Aruba. If you are looking for a tropical paradise offering everything from quiet romantic activities to exciting adventures for the whole family, you have found it. Come spend a few days or a few weeks, you'll be glad you did. If you love the tropics you will love what Aruba offers.
Transport yourself to a world of paradise and perfection. Where waves lap gently against the shore and dolphins jump over waterfalls. Sunsets that make you cry like a little girl. Getting frisky in the surf until there’s sand stuck in unholy places. Leave your worries back home, because we check for them at customs. Aruba—Talk to your travel agent.
Asian Affair Holidays are designed for the independent traveler, for those who desire more than the ordinary vacation. So treat yourself to one of our flexible travel values, such as Hong Kong for 5 nights from $1088, and Singapore, Bali, and Bangkok -- 9 nights from $1929. We have included round-trip airfare, choice of hotels, sightseeing and private car transfers to and from airports. Let the enchantment be your reality. Call your travel agent for details, or order our beautiful video for just $12.95. Call 800-997-8886.
You say you want to take a big vacation this year as it is within reason.
What is within reason to you?
Is riding a waterfall down the face of a Mayan Temple through shark filled waters within reason.
Is dancing beneath a dome of golden seashells within reason?
Is uncovering the royal towers of a lost city that has risen from the sea within reason?
This year will you expand your definition of what is within reason to include Atlantis.
Atlantis once upon our time.
RELAX, RECHARGE, UNWIND...You might be thinking to yourself, "What is there to do in a 21-square mile paradise?  Well, you're in for a surprise.  And a pleasant one at that.  Whether you seek adventure by land or by sea, you'll find it in Bermuda.  If you dream it, you can do it in Bermuda.
Brief glimpses of our island this time of year. Crowds of flowers, not of people. A tiny town, a pastel steeple. Teeing off on an emerald course. Saddling up a moped or a horse. A cozy on a pot of tea. A coral cove by a turquoise sea. And just the right amount of sun. To get absolutely nothing done. Bermuda ... A short trip to the perfect holiday.
Imagine relaxing in the Warming Room. Soothing your senses. Anticipating the essential oils soon to nourish your body. Rich botanical wraps and healing waters. Is this a dream, or an awakening? It's both. The Spa at Bernardus Lodge.
You could win free Shell gas for a year at Best Western or one of thousands of great prizes in Best Western's Sleep and Win instant win game. Best Western the world's largest Hotel Chain, call 1-800-Western today.
There’s a place close by that celebrates natures beauty and man made grandeur. That’s steeped in history where you can follow in a family's footsteps and let your imagination soar. Explore the many wonders of Biltmore Estate and discover a quick getaway close to home.
Dump the winter "blah's" for the getaway "ahhs" with one call to the experts at Bon Voyage travel. Prices have never been better. The islands are offering great deals...cruise lines are tempting you with special 2 for 1 packages and the airlines are begging for your business. Contact Bon Voyage Travel today and trade the winter "blah's" for the getaway "ahh's."
Now advertised as a romantic place for a wedding, Borthwick Castle is a large, magnificent castle which was built in 1430. Mary Queen of Scots called at the castle after her marriage (at 4 a.m. on 15 May 1567) to the Earl of Bothwell. The castle was besieged and she only escaped by disguising herself as a pageboy.
Brandon Oaks is more than everything you'd want in a place to retire. It's everything you'd want in a place to live. Elegant surroundings. Plenty of activity. Great people. And because Brandon Oaks is a Lifecare community, you have peace-of-mind, knowing that your future healthcare needs will be taken care of. Brandon Oaks, conveniently located in the heart of it all.
Perhaps traveling to Europe is something you've dreamed of for years. Or maybe you've already had the opportunity to visit and are eager to return. Either way, Brenden Tours will make your vacation a magical experience offering tremendous value for the cost.
This fall and winter, British Airways and some of London's leading hotels are offering great values in all price ranges.  These special rates include round-trip airfare and a luxury hotel for three nights.  So great ready to come to London.  And find some very entertaining people indeed. British Airways... the world's favorite airline.
This fall and winter, British Airways and some of London’s leading hotels are offering great values in all price ranges. These special rates include round-trip airfare and a luxury hotel room for three nights. So get ready to come to London. And find some very entertaining people, indeed. British Airways...The world’s favorite airline.
This fall and winter, British Airways and some of London's leading hotels are offering great values in all price ranges. These special rates include round-trip airfare and a luxury hotel for three nights. So great ready to come to London. And find some very entertaining people indeed. British Airways... the world's favorite airline.
This fall and winter, British Airways and some of London’s leading hotels are offering great values in all price ranges. These special rates include round-trip airfare and a luxury hotel room for three nights. So get ready to come to London. And find some very entertaining people, indeed. British Airways...The world’s favorite airline.
This fall and winter, British Airways and some of London’s leading hotels are offering great values in all price ranges. These special rates include round-trip airfare and a luxury hotel room for three nights. So get ready to come to London. And find some very entertaining people, indeed. British Airways...The world’s favorite airline.
There’s never been a more exciting time to vacation in London. Because British Airways and over 60 London hotels are offering great values in all price ranges. These special rates include round-trip airfare, hotel room for three nights and service charges. So get ready to come to London. BRITISH AIRWAYS -- The world’s favorite airline.
At Budgetel we understand the high cost of raising a family. That’s why we give you a great rate. We also give you a great room. One that comes with an in room coffee maker and a 25 inch televison with Nintendo for the kids, as well as 1st run movies for the grown ups. Not to mention the continental breakfast delivered right to your door and we promise that if your room isn’t right, we’ll make it right or you don’t pay. Best of all children under 18 stay in their parents’ room free. Budgetel Inns..more for your money.
Get 50% off through February 25th only. Now that’s beautiful. Call telecharge today at 212-947-8844. Some restrictions apply. Call today.
Calabria… you can discover it walking along its amazing shoreline or across the valleys of its beautiful wildlife parks. You can taste it through the unforgettable flavours of its food and wine. You can admire it by losing yourself in its unique artistic heritage. But there is just one way to get truly in touch with the deepest and strongest soul of this land: thanks to the “Culti e Culture di Calabria” (Rites and Cultures in Calabria) itineraries, you will actually be all in one with a marked and genuine spirituality, where thousand-year old cultures, languages ​​and traditions combine and mingle. These sacred places feature a combination between meditation and artistic contemplation; pilgrimages and tracks embedded in nature, from sea cliffs to mountain valleys; ancient rites and practices kept alive by the fervency and devotion of the faithful. "Culti e Culture" will allow you to feel part of a lively region, rich in intense stories and emotions. You will have the chance to meet the deepest soul of a generous and friendly population, who will welcome and fascinate you with its customs and culture.
www.turiscalabria.it
Thousands of miles of unspoiled wilderness. Boy oh boy are you gonna need a good guide. Canada is big, rugged, 100% pure, and definitely the place to go for authentic outdoor adventure. That’s why we’ve put together an amazing 44-page guide, jam-packed with unique adventures, astounding photographs, regional highlights, and information on the valuable exchange rate and how to get here. And best of all, it’s free. Get closer to polar bears, moose, and whales; mush you own team of sled dogs across northern lands; or play all day, then retreat to the comforts of a resort lodge nestled amid majestic mountains. For your FREE copy of “Great Canadian Adventures” call 1-877-8-CANADA. The World Needs More CANADA.
Of all the sunrises in North America, this is the first. The yawn and stretch of a new day. Here you can see the oldest lighthouse in Newfoundland and Labrador live life on the edge, as it has for 160 years. In the far east of the western world. Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. For your free travel guide, or to make reservations, call Colleen at 1-800-563-NFLD, or visit www.gov.nf.ca/tourism
With an abundance of authentic wilderness, colorful fall foliage, and awe-inspiring mountain views, Canada is more than enough to stir anyone's soul this fall and winter. Experience nature's playground on your next vacation.
Have you ever dreamed of discovering a pearl on the beach? Well, we just discovered a whole necklace. We’re Canadian Pacific Hotels. Call today and book the best spot on the beach. For reservations or more information, contact your travel agent.
Cancun is the #1 Spring Break destination, period. The 14-mile long island is located 600 miles south of Miami off the coast of the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico and offers miles of white sand beaches, great weather, some of the best resort hotels in the world and enormous night clubs that rock all night long. Spring Break packages to Cancun are available for 7 nights with flight departure on weekends. Daytime activities range from loungin' at the pool or beach, joining a beach party or participating in a variety of side trips such as a bull fight, scuba diving, snorkeling trips, day trips to the Mayan ruins. Regardless of what you choose to do in the day, the nighttime is when Cancun comes to life. The clubs and discos are what make Cancun the Spring Break destination that it is offering something for everyone from discos and clubs to beachside bars. Cancun is the only place that you will find 30 plus clubs in one place rockin' until the 6am sunrise.
They say 70% of the world is covered in water, but not like the waters in our Cayman Islands. Here, it’s the color of turquoise, made more striking against stretches of pure white sand. Dive into these pristine waters and immerse yourself in the tranquility of our islands, for it is here you can relax both body and soul.
They say 70% of the world is covered in water, but not like the waters in our Cayman Islands. Here, it’s the color of turquoise, made more striking against stretches of pure white sand. Dive into these pristine waters and immerse yourself in the tranquility of our islands, for it is here you can relax both body and soul.
Discover a vacation where dining is a culinary journey. Enjoy up to 12 distinctive restaurants where the vibe is as appealing as the cuisine and the menus are crafted by a James Beard-featured chef. Find the perfect wine to complement any dish from a list over over 480 selections. and choose from itineraries that visit more that 260 worldwide destinations on all seven continents.
Because we believe every moment of your vacation should be measured by just how far it takes you from the ordinary.
That's modern luxury.
Experience it at celebritycruises.com.
To book, call us at 1-877-297-6143 or contact your travel agent.
Romantic Rome, Florence and Venice Program takes you aboard a deluxe air-conditioned motorcoach to explore architectural treasures, scenic Swiss Alps, and the modern highlights of Italy’s great cities. Enjoy first class food, wine and accommodations. Call 1-800-935-5000.
Discover the Charleston area- America's most beautifully preserved historic and resort destination. Stately plantations, sun-drenched beaches, nationally acclaimed restaurants, and world-class golf offer something for everyone.
Our welcome mat is a cobblestone street. The stories you’ve heard about our legendary hospitality and graciousness are true. We invite you to come explore the sights, sounds and flavors only found in one place: Charleston, South Carolina. To request your free Visitor’s Guide, log on to ExploreCharleston.com. Charleston. Where history lives.
copy by jamesromick
Cheer up Hamlet,
Chin up Hamlet,
Buck up you melancholy Dane.
So, your uncle is at hand,
Murdered Dad and married Mum,
That's really no excuse to be as glum as you've become.
So, wise up Hamlet,
Rise up Hamlet,
Buck up and sing the new refrain.
Your incessant monologizing fills the castle with ennui,
Your antic disposition is embarrassing to see,
And by the way you sulky brat, the answer is To Be!
You're driving poor Ophelia insane!
So, shut up, you rogue and peasant!
Grow up, it's most unpleasant!
Cheer up you melancholy Dane. 
Taken from the Herrman Bonfire Songbook Page 66
Contributed by Richurd
Jersey Girl: I saw her up on 5th and 55th street...She’s such a princess
Cabbie: I was about to pick her up but then this fancy horse-drawn carriage came along from outta nowhere. I was like: Hey! Is that thing street legal???
Jazz Musician: I like to call her Cindy Rell. Sweetest thing ya ever seen! We was warming up and she struts in with her gown and the crown and the glass on the feet an all that jazz! So we’s ask her to sit in on a session and she says yes, so we’s lights it up. And we wuz swinging and sliding and sizzlin bacon fat wiggling and giggling... Jigglin like some marshmallows on a slow open fire... Cookin baby cookin! That Cindy Rell sure can groove in those glass slippers of hers!
Cabbie: If I had to sum her up in one word, it would be enchanting! I mean... call me prince charming, man... I am in LOVE!
Jersey Girl: So then I run into her in this cafe... and we started talkin... I was like: I’ve got two evil step sisters too!
Uptown Woman: All these little girls are walking around, looking like her... little crowns and everything, So well behaved. so darling!
Fashion Designer: Ever since she got here, all I’m hearing is glass slipper this and glass slippers that... I’ve got so many back orders. I have got to get in touch with this fairy godmother of hers!
Announcer: Manhattan may never be the same again. Join Cinderella and her princess court for a one of a kind experience, available only at the World of Disney store on 5th avenue. Here your little girl will enter into an extraordinary kingdom of magic and wonder where songs and games ignite her imagination. She’ll be crowned in a special princess ceremony and become part of an enchanted world that only dreams are made of. Cinderella’s Princess Court, an immersive entertainment experience now open for all princesses at the World of Disney store. 
Announcer 2: A spot is specially reserved for Disney’s Visa Card members at every Cinderella’s Princess Court show on a first come first served basis. To learn more, or apply for the card, visit worldofdisney.com or call 1-877-669-0638. Disney’s Visa Card available to U. S. Residents, 18 or older, and are subject to credit approval.
Cinderella: Now the city that never sleeps has even more reason to dream. Don’t miss the grand opening of the World of Disney store on October 5th at 5t avenue and 55th street.
Imagine for a moment ... nothing. No clocks. No ringing phone. No traffic jams. No radios. No newspapers. And no crowds. Now imagine a Club Med vacation. An island village where aqua seas brush dazzling white shores. Where lush green palms line wandering paths. A place where evenings are filled with entertainment and dancing. A Club Med vacation is like none other. Ask your travel agent.
Imagine for a moment ... nothing. No clocks. No ringing phone. And no crowds. A Club Med vacation is like none other.
Here at Colonial Williamsburg, history isn't the only thing your kids will soak up. There's also plenty of 21st-century fun. With Busch Gardens, Water Country USA and Virginia Beach right around the corner, we guarantee they'll be drenched with insight, perspective and, oh yeah, maybe just a little water. For your free family vacation guide, simply call 1-800-281-3135.
Never go anywhere without your topographic map, your compass, and your restaurant guide. Visit Colorado. Get started at colorado.com.
:60 TV VO script
Welcome to Bavaria where you'll experience the vacation of a lifetime. 
Bavaria, where traditions means a lot of enjoyment. 
Why not plan to visit during the 200th Anniversary of the world's most famous Beer Festival, the Oktoberfest in Munich. A special program and interesting exhibitions on the festival's history await visitors from all over the world. More than six million people are expected to join the annual festival from September 18 through October 4, 2010. So dust off your lederhosen and Dirndl-dresses, get out your favorite stein, and get ready to celebrate native foods, native traditions, and the native joy of life in Bavaria. 
Contact your Travel Agent, or visit cometogermany.com for information on all the special packages available for this once in a lifetime experience.
Steeped in Scottish Border history, Comlongon Castle is more than just a Scottish Wedding Castle venue—it has fantastic displays of Armor, weapons and banners, while the opulent bedrooms boast 4-poster beds and jacuzzis, providing a stunning blend of Medieval and modern luxury.
To accommodate guests in high places, our newest Conrad Hotel begins on the 28th floor. Live luxuriously as you're whisked high above Manhattan to the Waldorf Towers. It's our first partnership in the United States, and just one of fifteen elegant hotels and resorts around the globe. Welcome to the world of Conrad. The Waldorf Towers, 100 East 50th Street, New York City. Call 1-800-CONRADS, or visit us online at ConradHotels.com.
It took years to collect five. Now find number six in a couple of clicks. You’ve always yearned for that missing car. The Cooper-Bristol. Now you can track it down, check its value, place a bid and it could be yours. All on our site. The race is on.
Copenhagen is home to Europe’s most famous amusement park – Tivoli. Throughout the summer, Tivoli offers a festival, day and night. Over 150 years old, the park is 20 acres, 100,000 lanterns and countless ice cream cones of fun. For one reasonable admission price, you can skip into a wonderland of restaurants, marching bands, roulette wheels and ferris wheels.
Take a peace-loving people, blend with living rainforest...and 6% of the world's bio-diversity...add Atlantic and Pacific coast..steam...stir ocassionally.  Costa Rica. No artificial ingredients.  Call 1-800-343-6332 or go to www.tourism-costarica.com  ICT Costa Rica Tourist Board.
Undiscovered, unspoiled beaches. Two oceans only a few hours apart. Exotic creatures and every creature comfort you could dream of. All nearby in Costa Rica. 100% memorable, no artificial ingredients.
Architects design most hotels. Road warriors designed ours. Courtyard hotels were designed by business travelers, for business travelers. That means that besides perfectly comfortable rooms, Courtyard Marriott provides spacious work areas, ergonomic desk chairs, and high-speed Internet access. Courtyard by Marriott. Our rooms are made for you. To make a reservation, call 1-800-Marriott, or visit Marriott.com.
The difference is in the details. And the details are what make a Crystal Cruise like none other. Award-winning European chefs. State of the art spa. 24-hour concierge service. Experience the Crystal difference. Call your travel agent or visit www.crystalcruises.com or call 1 800 340 1300.
World Class Air at Business Class Fare
Crystal is pleased to provide a new Air/Sea partnership for 2008 with EOS Airlines
Uncrowded in a crowded world.
Now you can take advantage of this unique opportunity to fly on EOS Airlines from New York/JFK to London/Stansted Airport in premium business class. By removing the crowds, Eos Airlines completely transforms Trans-atlantic travel. No lines, no waiting, no stress-just plenty of freedom to relax and enjoy the trip. Travel on the world's only fleet of 757s outfitted for just 48 guests and you'll never want to fly the crowded way again.
Relax and enjoy your Trans-atlantic flight in luxurious seats that convert to completely flat beds. In addition, you will enjoy fast and easy check-in at both London/Stansted and New York/JFK airports, and accessibility to the EOS lounges complete with gourmet food service.
Cost for the EOS option is our usual business class air add-on of $1,300 per person, one way and is in addition to the standard Air/Sea fare. As the London/Stansted Airport is not included in our standard Air/Sea program, transfers are not included. Your travel agent may arrange for a private sedan transfer to or from the ship through Crystal Cruises' Land Programs at an additional cost of $450 U.S. per car.
This offer* is available for voyages 8212, 8213, 8215, 8216, 8217, 8220, 8221, 8309 and 8310, JFK gateway to London only. For more details or to book this option, please have your travel agent contact Crystal's Air Services Department. JFK gateway guests who are on the full World Cruise (scheduled for disembarkation on voyage 8309) are entitled to complimentary air upgrades and transfers. Eos Airlines will be used upon request made by your travel agent.
Dining has always been the centerpiece of any Cunard Voyage. Make a sweeping entrance all dressed up in your finery, take your seat, browse our inspiring menus, and enjoy our most delicious traditions.
How would you like to run away to a barefoot life. Run away on Delta Airline to the barefoot life of Florida or the Bahamas. Delta brings you 18 daily nonstops to six great Florida Resorts. So go ahead, kick off your shoes and kick up your heels. Delta is ready when you are.
From Brussels to Budapest, Milan to Munich...Delta gives you more non-stop flights to more cities in Europe than any other airline in the world. 290 weekly flights...21 countries...more Europe... more often. Nobody gives you more of Europe...than Delta Airlines.
You say you want a low fare to Florida? ... A reserved seat and skymiles? Then express yourself with Delta Express. When you fly Delta Express, you can choose from daily nonstop to Orlando ... with simple everyday low fares. We don’t require a round-trip purchase, or even a Saturday night stay. You’ll get a low fare, a reserved seat, and even earn skymiles. To express yourself, call 1-800-325-5205. Delta Express -- low fares, and a lot more.
Kids growing up a little too fast? A "Riverbending" Adventure with the Delta Queen Steamboat Company is for your family. Turn off the video games and reconnect with one another on the river. Immerse your family in the history and wonder of this great country of ours. See your travel agent or for more information visit deltaqueen.com or call 1 800 723 8632. Hey, Tom and Huck loved the river and your family will too!
Sandwiched between the North and Baltic Seas, are Denmark’s Jutland Peninsula and Archipelago of more than 400 islands, forming Scandinavia’s smallest country. From the capital city of Copenhagen on the island of Zealand, Danish rule extends to the Faroe Islands north of Scotland and across the Atlantic to Greenland.
Escape on a fantasy unlike anything you've ever imagined. A Disney Cruise Line Vacation. Start planning today and set sail on a dream.
See, soar, play, explore... At Disney, where learning is powered by imagination.
There is a place… where dreams come true… Explore your dreams. The Year of a Million Dreams. Extended through 2008. Because some dreams don’t have to end.
Have you heard the best kept Disney secret? Disney Vacation Club offers you an affordable way to visit your Disney friends during the Happiest Celebration On Earth – and for many years to come! Plus, you’ll enjoy a choice of over 450 other vacation destinations around the world. Discover the best kept Disney Secret now, and see why our members are some of the happiest folks on earth. Order your free DVD today, call 1-800-453-4912
Where's the best place to get together with your favorite group? Walt Disney World. And when you call 1 800 782 5775 we'll send you this free Walt Disney World vacation planning kit. Whatever size your group this free vacation planning kit will show you how easy it is to organize and plan a magical gatherings vacation that everyone will enjoy. You'll find out about unique experiences just for your group. Special benefits, and how to stay at a Disney resort for as little as $77 a night. Supplies of this kit are limited so call 1 800 782 5775 today.
Warm. Familiar. A place where you'll be well taken care of and comfortable. So you can focus on something else. Or everything else. DoubleTree. A member of the Hilton Family of Hotels.
Hotel Points and Airline Miles? Earn both with every stay at Doubletree and enjoy true comfort, respect, and a warm cookie at check-in. Doubletree, a member of the Hilton Family of Hotels.
Welcome to Arapaho National Forest. I'm Jim March, and I'll be your guide as you drive the Mount Evans Scenic Byway - the highest paved road in North America. You should be driving toward Mount Evans on Colorado State Highway 103. Most visitors drive up from the Forest Service visitor center in Idaho Springs. Others come from Evergreen and Bergen Park. Whichever direction you're coming from, follow the signs to Mount Evans. As you continue driving, I'll talk about some of the things you'll be seeing along the way. I'll tell you when to stop the tape, and suggest some places to get out along the way. If traffic or weather slow you down, just stop the tape until you can catch up. For the rest of this tour, we invite you to relax and take your time.
Roaming wild in this vastly beautiful landscape is the worlds’ greatest concentration of mammals ... lion, cheetah, wildebeest, elephant, giraffe, zebra, and endless birdlife. Tanzania offers the most superb wildlife viewing in East Africa in its premiere game parks on the Serengeti, Ngorongoro, and Tarangire! Travel far beyond the beaten path to enjoy rich encounters with traditional African tribes such as the Massai and the Hadza. Fly to the beautiful Kenya coast and explore historical Mombasa and the exotic 15th century Arab stonetown of Lamu. Languish on stunning tropical islands steeped in traditional Swahili culture. Relax on endless sandy beaches, and snorkel colorful coral reefs in the warm Indian Ocean.
The next time you travel on business, trade your old hotel room for a beautiful suite at Embassy Suites Hotel. For the price of a single room, you get a suite. So when business takes you away, don’t stay in the same old hotel room. Stay in a suite at the Embassy Suites Hotel. It could be the best business deal you’ll ever make.
For about what you pay at Marriott and Hilton, you could be staying in a hotel that was made for you. Embassy Suites Hotel. Each of our rooms is a two-room suite, so you can spread out and work, or stretch out and relax. So if you’re looking for more from your hotel, call us. We think you’ll like what you find. Embassy Suites Hotels ... we were made for each other.
Hmmm. Search for ------ Yeah. Find it. Book it. Easy. Expedia.com. Don’t just travel —Travel right.
Fancy lying in a deck chair at an exotic Fijian beach.
Well, with 4 people flying and staying for the price of 3, now is the time to do it.
Air Pacific and Quantas Holidays have put together an unbeatable package.
When you fly to Fiji with three friends the fourth flies free. Conditions apply. Call your Travel Agent or Quantas on 1300 360 347.
Fiji Islands, the one truly relaxing tropical getaway.
Soak away your cares in turquoise waters. Claim a private spot on golden sand. Serenade the sunset from your balcony. And discover rejuvenation at Fours Seasons Resort Nevis – a tropical paradise blending flawless service with the warmth and hospitality of Nevisian culture. And with our exceptional summer value, now is the ideal time to immerse yourself in the sights, sounds ad tastes of the perfect escape. For reservations, please call Four Seasons at 800-332-3442 or visit us at www.fourseasons.com.
Easy to reach. Impossible to match. Of all the beautiful, breathtaking wonders in the world, only one comes with five spectacular casinos. Foxwood Resort Casino. It’s your kind of play featuring over 5,800 of the loosest slots and 350 of the hottest tables. Relax in the comfort of our magnificent hotel with over 1,400 luxurious rooms and suites. Savor a delicious variety of dining choices at 24 inspired restaurants and eateries. It’s all waiting for you at the rolling hills of the Connecticut woods. For a welcome change, that’s closer than you think, play it smart, play Foxwoods. And come up a winner! For more information call 1-800-Play-Big or visit our website at www.foxwoods.com. Foxwoods Resort Casino. The wonder of it all.
Golf may be your vacation focus, but it needn’t be your only activity on your trip to Scottsdale. Within easy driving distance there’s so much to see and do. And a friendly and knowledgeable concierge at Resort Suites will eagerly steer you towards your own particular interests. Scottsdale...and golfing...and more!
Variety, the spice of life. And just as Arizona offers a plethora of things to see and do, the golf in and around Scottsdale offers contrasting styles and features too. You’ll find a relaxed environment where you’re encouraged to linger. Come early. Read the paper. Sip your coffee. Hit a few balls on the range. The starter will come find you. Let the stress melt away. Scottsdale...and golfing...and more!
Today at 12:44 PM  
There are ordinary vacations where you look and take pictures there are extraordinary vacations called tours where you learn and discover and then there are truly unforgettable vacations called globus tours Where you head off the beaten path away from the crowds to more unique expiriences the ones that showcase the true flavor of each destination we call them local favorites and only globus has them so why vacation when you can have a globus tour.
There are ordinary vacations where you look and take pictures. There are extraordinary vacations, called tours, where you learn and discover. And then there are truly unforgettable vacations called Globus Tours where you head off the beaten path, away from the crowds to more unique experiences, the ones that showcase the true flavor of each destination. We call them Local Favorites and only Globus has them. So, why vacation when you can take a Globus Tour.
There are ordinary vacations where you look and take pictures. There are extraordinary vacations, called tours, where you learn and discover. And then there are truly unforgettable vacations called Globus Tours where you head off the beaten path, away from the crowds to more unique experiences - the ones that showcase the true flavor of each destination. We call them Local Favorites. And only Globus has them. So, why vacation when you can have a Globus Tour.
Great golf courses are found all across America, but few places can offer the variety and accessibility that golfers enjoy in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Many of the most celebrated names in golf have left their signatures in Myrtle Beach on courses ranked among "America's Best".
Lazing around watching television, doing homework, painting the house… whatever (Sarcasm)! It’s Spring Break! Wouldn’t you rather be dodging moguls and coasting down ski hills in the Great White North? We've teamed up with our snow-crazed sponsors to bring you the coolest winter holiday package EVER. Qualify to win one of three Great White North prize packs for you and 20 of your closest friends. Are you king or queen of the hill? Find out this Spring Break! Enter the Great White North contest online, or call us toll-free.
Sail one of the most captivating island environments in the world! Aboard a beautiful 53-foot classic sailing yacht, cruise the turquoise waters of the more remote Eastern Aegean islands of the Dodecanese. Enjoy stunning and secluded beaches, snorkel in crystal blue waters, anchor in quiet coves, feast on local delicacies in seaside tavernas, explore brilliant island landscapes and traditional villages on short hikes! Spend three days in ancient Athens visiting the Acropolis, Parthenon, and Plaka city market.
This winter, don’t settle for the same old boring beach. Come to a Caribbean country that will satisfy your mind as well as your body. Come to Haiti. It’s a lot like Africa. And very French. And it’s spellbinding. And yes, enjoy the miles of white sandy beaches on the south coast. HAITI. It’s not just another place in the sun. It’s spellbinding.
Located by the sea, historic Harpswell Inn dominates a knoll overlooking a quaint cove and harbor for Lobster Boats. Furnished with antiques, the B&B offers casual elegance and comfortable ambiance. This is the real Maine. “The way life should be”!
There are few places in the world that offer the incomparable beauty, lushness, and serenity that Kauai does. Enjoy a fun-filled week of hiking, kayaking, snorkeling, and relaxing on Hawaii’s sunny island! Day hike on the famed fluted Na Pali Coast into the dramatic Waimea Canyon and the misty Alaka’i Swamp. Kayak in the protected waters of the Hanalei Reef Lagoon and snorkel at several different shallow reefs. Kauai, Hawaii. Explore the best of it. Includes six nights lodging in two-person kitchenette cabins. All island transportation courtesy of Kauai Airport Transfers.
Sooner or later, it’s gonna happen. The primal urge to “just let go’. Unwind. Unplug. You’re not alone. Hedonism II on world-famous Negril Beach and Hedonism III at Runaway Bay were created as a reward for all those times you’ve had to deny your basic instincts. With absolutely everything included in one up-front price, all you have to think about is what to do next. And when. And with whom. Hedonism. There’s nothing else on earth quite like it. For preferred rates and reservations contact A&M Travel at 1-800-297-7447.
Sooner or later, it’s gonna happen. The primal urge to “just let go’. Unwind. Unplug. You’re not alone. Hedonism II on world-famous Negril Beach and Hedonism III at Runaway Bay were created as a reward for all those times you’ve had to deny your basic instincts. With absolutely everything included in one up-front price, all you have to think about is what to do next. And when. And with whom. Hedonism. There’s nothing else on earth quite like it. For preferred rates and reservations contact A&M Travel at 1-800-297-7447.
Breathe in the pure mountain air and bask in the all-encompassing beauty of the “Range of Light”! Enjoy a week of exploring over granite ridgelines, into deep river canyons, to sparkling lakes and through alpine meadows. There’s plenty of time for fishing, off-trail exploring and just relaxing. This is a wonderful time of year to be in the High Sierras -- summer crowds are gone, weather is mild, aspens are golden and skies are typically sunny and clear.
It’s where oooh and ahhh live. Discover the wilds and wonders of Alaska, as only Holland America can reveal them. Watch as ten stories of ice thunder into Glacier Bay. Float through gold rush history on our exclusive Yukon Queen. Catch your first glimpse of Mt. McKinley from our top-rated rail cars. Learn thrilling secrets from Alaska’s largest, most knowledgeable staff. For your free planning kit call 1-877-SAIL.
When you plan your honeymoon, don't just book the first flight to Tahiti... surprise your beloved with an unforgettably romantic getaway to one of the great European capital cities. Experience the finest that Paris, Rome, Madrid, and Athens have to offer... adorn your memories with haute cuisine, signature hotels, distinct cultures, and breath- taking wonders found only in continental Europe. Treat your New wife / husband to an Old World romance. Start your married life off right by honeymooning in style across the pond.
When you plan your honeymoon, don't just book the first flight to Tahiti... surprise your beloved with an unforgettably romantic getaway to one of the great European capital cities. Experience the finest that Paris, Rome, Madrid, and Athens have to offer... adorn your memories with haute cuisine, signature hotels, distinct cultures, and breath- taking wonders found only in continental Europe. Treat your New wife / husband to an Old World romance. Start your married life off right by honeymooning in style across the pond.
There's a place out there, it's different.
A place who's people understand that the word welcome, is more than a greeting.
That the things you can't count count for everything.That life is in the details.
So when you come to this place, and find that the details of your life are treated as all that matters. You'll understand the difference between a hotel , and a HYATT, and you will say.
Thank you....thank you... thank you...
And the people there will smile and humbly reply.
Your More Than Welcome.
Sometimes it's about discovering new experiences.
Sometimes it's about rediscovering familiar faces.
No matter what kind of experience you're looking for, at Hyatt resorts you'll discover the best of all worlds.
And with a welcome credit worth up to $500, you can enjoy activities, amenities, and more on us.  For more information or to book your next getaway, visit resortoffer.hyatt.com.
Hyatt.  You're more than welcome.
Flights to Ireland to find four-leaf clover: $0. Flights to Vegas to try it out: $0. Flights to Ireland to return defective four-leaf clover: $0. Traveling for any reason at all: priceless. You could win 500 roundtrip flights anywhere to share with family and friends. Use your MasterCard from July 1 through August 31, and you will be automatically entered for a chance to win 500 airline tickets. You can earn double entries at participating airline partners. Find out more at www.priceless.com. There are some things money can’t buy. For everything else there’s MasterCard.
New York thoroughbred racing…the most exciting ride in sports. Come out to the Aqueduct on the first Sunday in May, for live thoroughbred racing, and thrill to the first Kentucky Derby via Simulcast. You don’t have to go all the way to Kentucky for Derby Day excitement. There’s great thoroughbred racing here in your own backyard, just off the Belt Parkway, exit 18. First race 1 PM. And at only $1.00 for general admission and $3.00 for club house...we’re still the best value in sports. Racing Wednesdays through Sundays until May 11th.
Call today for a free Kissimmee St. Cloud visitors kit. It's filled with values and all the information you need for a great Florida vacation!
Located on a stretch of coastline known as Pink Gin Beach on the Caribbean island of Grenada, the 40 acre resort features white sand beaches, two tennis courts, a fully equipped fitness center, a swimming pool, and a nine-hole golf course. La Source offers a full menu of spa services and body treatments. La Source on the island of Grenada.
We're not a four-star restaurant, but we do serve peppercorn-crusted beef tenderloin in a rich port sauce. We're not a furniture store, but we do offer an impressive collection of leather recliners. We're not a luxury hotel, but we do provide valet parking. We're not an Internet Service Provider, but we do guarantee immediate Internet access. We're not a movie theater complex, but we do have 56 screens with surround sound. ...We're not what you think....We're Legend Airlines.
....yes, it's Fiesta time again in Lincoln Park! Bring the kids, your in-laws, your neighbour, and even their dog to join in the fun at this flavorful and exotic celebration of Central, South American and African Culture. Taste food from kitchens around the world and dance to sultry sambas. It doesn't get any better than this! Join the Fiesta this long weekend at Lincoln Park. Hope to see you there!
Since discovery in 1878, visitors by the millions have made Luray Caverns the most popular cave in Eastern America, and an internationally acclaimed destination. Four million centuries in the making beneath Virginia’s Shenandoah Valley, this “must see” U.S. Natural Landmark awaits your discovery.
Everyone can use a little more cardio. So why not visit Lyric Opera where you will raise your heart rate even while sitting down? 
See Madame Butterfly, La Traviata and The Barber of Seville among other unforgettable operas. 
What’s more, we’re offering subscribers 4 operas for only $100. Or you can choose 4 of your own. Let your heart make the choice. 
Visit Lyricopera.org today. 
Lyric Opera. Long Live Passion.
Lyric Opera
Everyone can use a little more cardio. So why not visit Lyric Opera where you will raise your heart rate even while sitting down?
See Madame Butterfly, La Traviata and The Barber of Seville among other unforgettable operas.
What’s more, we’re offering subscribers 4 operas for only $100. Or you can choose 4 of your own. Let your heart make the choice.
Visit Lyricopera.org today.
Lyric Opera. Long Live Passion.
You are here to share 1,500 miles of cherished coastline with your most cherished 3 feet, 7 inches. To see how many shells one little girl can fit into a pail. To build mighty sandcastles just so you can watch them get washed away. To go barefoot for a week straight. Discover the Massachusetts getaway that’s right for you. Call 1.800.447.MASS, or visit us at www.massvacation.com.
There's a secret society where the night is eternal, the music is essential, and the party is non-stop. You could be the newest member. The MGD music jet tour. Four parties, four cities, one unforgettable trip. Peel the label, enter the code at mgd.com, and prepare for take-off.
For those with a discriminating palate, the perfect reason to visit Miami is the new, highly acclaimed and glamorous South Beach Wine and Food Festival. Devoted to all things flavorful.
At The Swamp Stomp...(pause)(echo sfx this line) The MIDGETS are coming! The
MIDGETS are coming!
(upbeat techno or dance type mx WWE Delivery)
Midget Mayhem INVADES the Swamp for 2 evenings of TOTAL insanity!
See these MIGHTY midgets knock each other DOWN to SIZE in fast-paced, high-flyin'
midget wrestling action! (wrestling bell)
Cheer on your favorite midget as they compete in crazy midget contests,(cheering sfx)
perform midget comedy,(crowd laughter)
and show off their fancy midget dance moves on TOP of the bar with our sexy staff.
SWIM in a SEA of Midgets in the SWAMP Stomp, (water splash)
enjoy our FAMOUS Jell-o Injectors and Red Headed Slut Tooters.
See Midget Mayhem at Swamp Stomp, Goldust and Scottsdale Road, Friday, January
23rd and Saturday the 24th.
Doors open at 8pm.
Tickets must be redeemed by 9:30.
Order tickets at ticketweb.com or by calling 866-468-7621. That’s 866-468-7621.
Take YOUR romp…. in the SWAMP!
Moor alongside the Nantucket boat basin and slip into a world class marina. We offer every convenience for those who travel by water...including concierge service! Nantucket’s quaint shops, gourmet restaurants, and romantic beaches are all close by. For additional information and reservations, please call 1-800-NAN-BOAT. Nantucket Island Massachusetts. Your historic slip is ready.
For Archimedes it was the bathtub. For you, it may even be our lounge. At Nations Hotels, we believe that thoughts arise from the depths of ease. This belief is reflected in an ambience of serenity that permeates our hotels. A calm that is both relaxing and refreshing, paving the way for free and clear thinking. Enabling you to feel your best anytime. Anywhere. Nations Hotels. Where the pace is yours to set, and ours to keep.
From the French Quarter to the Arts District to Magazine Street and beyond, you'll find exquisite antiques, funky fashions, fresh art and folksy Louisiana crafts. New Orleans is the perfect place to make headway on your holiday gift list.
New York City known to many as the Capital of the World! Can you think of a place other than the Big Apple that has over 150 museums, 900 art galleries, 38 Broadway plus Off Broadway theatres, 18,000 restaurants, 2,000 bars and nightclubs, 30 department stores, 1,700 parks, and the list goes on! Over 40 million people visit NYC each year, and we hope you plan to be one of them. NY City Guide Magazine is proud to present you with this guide to assist you in exploring, experiencing, and enjoying all the variety, wonder, and excitement this great city has to offer. There’s something for everyone in NYC! Come visit NYC at www.cityguidemagazine.com.
Whoever said there’s a time and place for everything must have been thinking of New York- especially during our year- long millennium celebration. Discover New York. Call 1-800-I love NY.
Aaaaaaaaand now the starting lineup for your 2013 New York Knicks! Let’s give it up for our starting Forward: Number Seven, Carmelo Anthony!
Explore the best of New Zealand’s stunning South Island -- the jewel of the Pacific! Fly into the lovely garden city of Christchurch and then head out to the rugged west coast. Make daily excursions for hiking along the dramatic coastal bluffs and verdant rainforest, flat water paddling on sparkling mountain lakes, and tubing through magical glow-worm grottos. Explore limestone caverns and soak in thermal hotsprings. Visit with Maori and learn of their indigenous culture. Lodging in small inns and private lodges are combined with two nights of camping.
Script:
The story of Niagara Falls is not a straightforward tale, but one of rises and falls. It is a story of fear and affection, genius and lunacy, virtue and greed, romance and passion. Niagara is a tale of ongoing sound and fury that begins with miles of quiet. The waters of the 4 Great Lakes flow gently along the Niagara River, marking the border between the U. S. and Canada. At the point where the massive water suddenly divides, two immense waterfalls plunge 20 stories down, diving into a rolling pool of water 200 feet deep.
Pay Coach. Sit in First Class. Fly like a king. Enjoy the royal treatment when you fly First Class for the price of Coach with a ConnectFirst fare on Northwest Airlines. Just purchase a full-fare Coach ticket on a qualifying connecting flight, and you’ll receive an automatic upgrade to First Class. Plus, you’ll receive an additional 1,000 WorldPerks bonus Miles roundtrip. For your ConnectFirst fare, book online at www.nwa.com, call your travel agent, or call Northwest at 1-800-225-2525.
Finding the place is easy. It's once you're here that you'll get lost. Of course, you can certainly find yourself at our world class spa nestled in the Connecticut woods. But at the Spa at Norwich Inn you'll also find much more: 32 state of the art treatment rooms offer you a world of personal seclusion and escape. Perhaps most remarkable however is that this experience is well being is set in a country manor house as quaint as refined as old New England itself. Whether you come for a weekend getaway or an extended vacation, we have a treatment package to lose yourself in. For reservations and personal escape packages call 1-800-ASK-4-SPA or visit our website at thespaatnorwichinn.com. Voted Best Spa by Connecticut Magazine four consecutive years.
Wherever travelers stay, Okura Hotels & Resorts stands unique for its legendary high standards of accommodation, superb cuisine, and luxury service. With the most convenient locations throughout Japan and around the world, even business travel will be a rare pleasure. Okura Hotels & Resorts. We’re legendary for catering to those finer instincts. Call toll-free, 1-800-526-2281 for nationwide reservations.
Some people think that pressing their On Demand button will make their house explode. The On Demand button is a way to access free movies. The button to blow-up a house is actually channel up, channel down, two-star, seven-seven.
Go where you want, when you want...how you want, for less. With ORBITZ, the choice is yours. Because only ORBITZ offers the most low fares available in one place. Visit ORBITZ.com today. For the most low fares to Planet Earth.
There's never been a better way to experience the best of the Mediterranean than on an Orient Lines cruise-tour. From storied isles to chic resorts, you'll enjoy a unique combination of luxury at sea and discovery on land.
Journeys of distinction. A tradition from the past designed for the traveler of today. Please contact your travel agent or nearest ORIENT EXPRESS reservations office.
Paradise found. Unspoiled rain forests, uncrowded beaches, distinctive Indian cultures, two ocean shores, and over 1,000 islands. Panama. The Canal and much more! For information contact your travel agent or Panama Tourism Bureau.
If you think the setting is superb, wait until you try the cuisine.
Fact is, Park City, Utah, features more chefs per capita than Paris. Très bon! Our collection of over 100 eating establishments includes cozy bistros, award-winning restaurants with world-renowned reputations—many with sommeliers on staff and quirky bars with captivating character. All nestled in the mountains. Yes, Park City will satisfy your appetite for escape as well as for memorable dining destinations. Enter to win a trip to the Bon Appetit Grub Crawl this summer. Go to VisitParkCity.com/GrubCrawl for details.
Park City. A mountain range of possibilities.
Picture yourself on the deck of an ocean liner.  Feel the refreshing sea breeze.  Watch the shadow islands of Casco Bay glide by in the moonlight.  Go below decks to enjoy excellent cuisine and the excitement of casino gambling.  All of this and more awaits you with Peter Pan Tours and the ocean liner Scotia Prince.  Peter Pan will transport you to Portland, Maine, where you will board the Scotia Prince for your cruise to the land of Acadia and the Fundy shores.  Prices start as low as $105 complete.  Sail away on your next get away.  Experience the magic of Peter Pan Tours.
When was the last time you sat down to a fresh Maine lobster? Peter Pan Tours will take you on a one day trip up the coast of Maine --we’ll even have your lobster hot and waiting for you. Peter Pan also has one day tours to the Isles of New Hampshire and the shores of Massachusetts Bay, both including great seafood buffets. If one meal won’t satisfy your craving for seafood, Peter Pan has a new three day tour to mid-coast Maine ... the land where the mountains meet the sea. So tie on your lobster bib and travel in air-conditioned comfort with Peter Pan. Experience the magic.
A sensation beyond desire...
Capricho
Playa Mujeres Resort Mexican Caribbean
Open your eyes and witness the rising of the most luxurious Boutique Resort in the Mexican Caribbean.
Residences, condominiums, Private Beach Club,  Grand Spa Boutique Hotel
Yatch & Golf Club
These 3 people are staying at the same 3 star hotel-in identical rooms. But one of them is paying 40% less. Can you guess who? Top of the line,guaranteed best price. Priceline Hotels.
Princess World Cruise
It's truly an epic adventure, a Princess world cruise. Over 100 days, sailing across the world's seas and visiting the most sensational destinations on earth.
 The world cruise is a journey every intrepid traveler has dreamed about, and Princess can take you there.
 What lies ahead of you is a galaxy of the most legendary, exiting and romantic ports in the world, destinations that will delight the mind and excite the imagination.
 From the ruins of once mighty civilizations, to sparkling cosmopolitan cities, from enchanted island jewels to dramatic natural wonders, you'll experience more in one monumental voyage than most people do in a lifetime of travel.
 A Princess World Cruise, it's an adventure of a lifetime.
We just found the missing piece of Paradise! Sparkling turquoise lagoons, flawless beaches, lush forests filled with the scent of orchids, and natives who tell stories with their hands when they dance. It’s Paradise. This fall, for the first time ever, the beautiful Sea Princess will offer vacation packages to the West Indies. You can experience Paradise the way it was meant to be. Continental cuisine, a health club with two indoor pools, and lots of shopping. The Sea Princess will not only get you there, but will do it in style. THE SEA PRINCESS ... what vacationing is all about.
It's truly an epic adventure, a Princess world cruise. Over 100 days, sailing across the world's seas and visiting the most sensational destinations on earth.
The world cruise is a journey every intrepid traveler has dreamed about, and Princess can take you there.
What lies ahead of you is a galaxy of the most legendary, exiting and romantic ports in the world, destinations that will delight the mind and excite the imagination.
From once mighty civilizations, to sparkling cosmopolitan cities, from enchanted island jewels to dramatic natural wonders, you'll experience more in one monumental voyage than most people do in a lifetime of travel.
A Princess World Cruise, it's an adventure of a lifetime.
I enter a door made of lush, green trees. I walk through into a world of fantastic color. Frightened lizards race through a rainbow of wild orchids. And the song of the coqui echoes through this tropical wonder. This is nature’s reality. So near. So easy to reach, to touch. Memories of this adventure in America’s rain forest will last much longer than the brief time I’ve been able to stay here. Discover the continent of Puerto Rico. For additional information call your travel agent.
25,00 mornings, give or take, is all we humans get.  We spend them on treadmills, spend them in traffic and if we get lucky, Really Lucky it dawns on us to go spend them in a world where a simple sunrise can still be magic.  25,00 mornings, make sure some of them are Pure Michigan.  Your trip begins at Michigan.org
Have you ever been harbour hopping by moonlight? Found yourself in a land without strangers? Been a fish? Caught a water-taxi to the opera? Taken your pick of 1,110miles of coral reef? Beheld twelve wonders of the world? Waltzed with a kangaroo? Seen an entire country smile? Dreamed about a vacation after it was over? For those who long to take home more from a vacation than pictures and souvenirs, American Express Travel is offering two week air & hotel vacations with Quantas to Sydney, Melbourne and the Great Barrier Reef. Packages start from $1899 per person. Find out how two weeks can change your life. Call us today at 1-800-AXP-8341 and make your Australian dream come true.
When he checked in, he was Mr. Simmons. When he checked out, he was just plain Bob. Quality Inn. We'll see you there.
Hails from the future
Sails from the Big Apple
This is the ship that changes everything
Introducing Royal Caribbean's new Quantum of the Seas
Call now to change the way you vacation forever
Let’s say you are at a race track and you want to put money on a horse. Which horse are you going to bet on? A run of the mill Kentucky Trotter or a State of the Art Robot horse that flies at the speed of sound and shoots laser beams out of its eyes? The new Super X Computers are the Robot horses of the computer derby which gives you 21st century access to Cyber Space and the wider world of WEB and HTML.
107.5 Kiss FM
 This is Q Christopher I'm giving you the latest jams and the melodies to basically get you in the mood. This is Third Force "one in a life time" Force Field… Yea you like... Won’t you give me a call and tell me what you think.
Alright now.
There’s a magical place like no other. Where the snows seem whiter. The seas seem bluer. Even the greens seem greener. And you’ll find this place in some of the most incredible places on earth. So if you simply won’t resort to an ordinary vacation, call your travel professional. And resort to Radisson.
Framed by towering cliffs and red rock formations at the entrance to Utah's Snow Canyon State Park, Red Mountain offers outdoor recreations and fitness classes for all levels, in additional to all the pampering, luxury and relaxation you expect from a full-service spa. Now, sit back and relax while you take a cyber-journey of our spa. And why not begin with a massage and facial. In just 50 minutes, you’ll feel better than you have in a long time.
Today my wife and I forgot we were married. Our snorkel trip was like a first date, our poolside massage was like a first kiss. And we've guaranteed a future full of first dates, first dances and forever memories.
Because today we took ownership of our future, we've purchased a residence at the reef. To return again and again and keep our relationship forever young. The reef residences at Atlantis a very private concierge tower residence designed for you.
It's our life and now we own it. To arrange a private tour of the reef dial 63176 from your room.
At the heart of the most extraordinary places, you'll find the most extraordinary hotels. Renaissance Hotels and Resorts.
The mind. The body. The soul. And a place where you’ll renew all three. The Ritz Carlton. Jamaica.
The mind.
The body.
The soul.
And a place where you can renew all three.
The Ritz Carlton.  Jamaica
Throughout the Roaring Twenties and straight on up to the 1960’s, the roadsides along Route 66 jumped with an electric mix of attractions. Back then America’s Main Street was the nation’s premiere ride a two-lane roller coaster of thrills that rambled through eight states and three time zones. All along the miles of the “linear midway”, a diversity of car commerce combined services motorists required with the entertainment they desired.
Here’s your chance to stroll down the romantic streets of Paris, visit England’s magnificent castles and explore the stunning Tuscan countryside, all while cruising aboard the most amazing ship afloat. Explore the beauty of Europe with Royal Caribbean.
Come on guys! Somewhere between the glacier hiking, the dog-sledding, the train tours and the rock walls, it hits you - this is way more than a cruise. See for yourself, Royal Caribbean.com and get out there!
First I saw the water and I thought, wow, that must be the reason I came down here.
Then I tasted the food and was like this must be the reason I came down here.
I mean the service was so good, couldn't helped to think that maybe, that was the reason.
And then finally i realized, the reason i came down here was lying next to me.
Book now and save 50% .
Call 1-800-SANDALS
When Private matters…Slip away from the Mainland and Discover secluded havens filled With heady Pleasures At Sandals Emerald Bay—our first All Butler Resort--
In the Extraordinary Exumas.  The “Hippest” Islands you’ve Never heard of.
Contact your travel agent at 1-800-Sandals or visit Sandals.com
Imagine a place where every Great Beginning gets the send-off it deserves…A place where Love rules and Dreams become a reality. There is a Place… Sandals…Home of the Caribbean Wedding…sponsored by Love. Call 1-800-Sandals or visit Sandals.com
When does a wedding become a fairytale?
Is it when the isle is made of sand?
And the backdrop is paradise?
Is it when Martha Stewart herself designed the wedding?
Or is it what comes after?
Book your honeymoon at Sandals and your Martha Stewart wedding is free.
The Caribbean’s Most Glamorous All Inclusive resort, Sandals St. Lucia is set on a pristine half mile crescent shaped beach with 4 pools. Discover the Villas on sunset bluff, dramatic new oceanview suites, some with private plunge pools, perched on top of a coral bluff. Sandals St. Lucia…glamour at its highest level.
What’s your mood?...13 Luxury Included resorts...4 Exotic Islands...ONE unforgettable experience...Sandals—The Luxury Included vacation...Call 1-800-Sandals or visit Sandals.com
San Diego "Happiness Calling"
Happiness (male or female) Not smokey, rough or overtly nasal. larger than life but still earnest.Authentic.
Erin nice, regular gal caught off guard. good understanding of comedic timing.
Anncr: Male or Female Warm, friendly smile to voice. It's anncr role, but still
want approachable, non salesy tone. Conversational.
Anncr 2: Knowledgeable, smooth, not as fast as disclaimer, but friendly upbeat, faster pace
Erin Hello?
Happiness Hi!
Erin: Uh, hey how's it going?
Happiness: Oh, it's going like rainbow sprinkles in the boudoir.
Erin: Wait, what?
Happiness I said rainbow sprinkles in the...
Erin I'm sorry, who is this?
Happiness It's me, happiness..
Erin: Happiness?
sfx harp sounds, birds tweet, waves crash...
Happiness: Happiness!
Erik: Are you serious?
Happiness: No, never...hey, aren't puppies the best?
Erin : Yea, they're cool...
Happiness: And roller coasters, hanging out with your best friend, and boogie
boarding, boogies a funny word...Oh! And the sun in your face, and sandy bare
feet?
Erin: Yea, those are all pretty awesome.
Happiness: I know Dave, that's why I'm calling you.
Erin: Wait, who's Dave? My name's Erik.
Happiness: Oh geez, whoops. Wrong number. Lalala (Click)
Erin: Hello? Happiness?
Anncr: Happiness is calling.
Answer the call and get your free ringtone at sandiego.org
Annc 2r: Sign up before October 1st and receive a set of three ringtones free, just
for signing up. Some restrictions apply. Go to sandiego.org for details.
Club Med
Script:
Civilization has given us the telephone and unwanted calls. The newspaper and bad news. Money and money problems. Fortunately, Club Med has given us an antidote. 
…The Club Med Vacation Village. Where all those prime disturbers of the peace like telephones, clocks and newspapers are gone. Where all the activities like waterskiing, windsurfing, sailing and tennis are each just a barefoot walk away from the other. And where everything is included for one very reasonable price. So there are no money problems because there’s no need for money. Call your travel agent or Club Med at 1-800-528-3100 and then hang up the phone and put the world on hold for a while.
The Club Med Vacation the antidote for civilization.
Share seductive Caribbean sunsets at Secrets Resorts. Revel in the ecstasy of an oceanside horseback ride. Feel the stimulation of oil spreading over your body. Share our Secrets with someone you love.
Here’s your chance to “Choose your Island” for a tropical winter vacation, at a price only Sheraton can offer. Three days and two nights at a cool $69 per night at either the Montego Bay or Ocho Rios Sheraton Grand Hotel. With these two fantastic island trips to consider, the choosing may end up with the flip of a coin. On one side, the Ocho Rios dream vacation .. a tennis player’s paradise, shopping and exquisite dining. On the other side, the Montego Bay Paradise vacation ... oceanfront family fun, with three great swimming pools. So hurry, and choose your vacation. Sheraton.
Surf the web with your laptop. Then retreat to the pool for some in-depth analysis. We give you access to the virtual world and breathtaking views of the real one. So before you travel on business, call us, or contact your travel planner. There is a fine line between business and pleasure. Cross it. Sheraton Hotels & Resorts.
Talk to most kids, and you just might find out the word they most associate with is the word NO. As in NO you can’t borrow the car. NO, do you really have to play that music so loud. NO, NO, NO, NO, NO! Hey, isn’t it time for a little YES? The folks at Six Flags Great Adventure think so. In fact, the word No isn’t even in their vocabulary. Do you want to experience great thrilling rides? Yes? Well come on down! Six Flags Great Adventure. So big, so close, so fast, so...Yes! Open Saturday and Sunday. For more information, please call 908-928-1841.
There's a time for work and there's a time for play. Six Flags Great Adventure. It's playtime.
The well lit grounds. The electronic locks. The walk in showers. Complementary breakfast. Because it’s a place that understands the needs of a business traveler. It’s all those things, plus the service- is incredible. If you’re traveling on business, stay at Sleep Inn. In a class by itself.
When you ride, is there a song you play in your head? Does it move you? Drive you? Inspire you? When you press the imaginary play button, does it work it's way down into your turns and go off with you into thin air? Must be one hell of a song. It'll sound even better here. Snowmass, Aspen.
Take a trip to where the vibrant indigenous culture merges with a triumphant historical ambience. Discover the magic of the South Pacific in Ecuador.
No phones, no faxes, no problems. Just the awe-inspiring beauty of the Southern Adirondacks everywhere you look. Be humbled by the boundless views offered by our wide variety of hiking trails. Or catch some solitude as you cast your lure over any one of our lakes, ponds and streams. If you long for a rejuvenating break from your overscheduled life, this is the perfect spot to take your vacation.
One of many islands in the Caribbean Sea, St. Barth's stands out with its pleasant blend of French chic and island relaxation. Combining beautiful secluded beaches, fine French cuisine and charming hotels, this tropical playground is a favorite among the beautiful and wealthy. 
The island is only 8 miles long, but is surrounded by nearly 20 beaches and dotted by many small coves, all of which welcome swimmers and sunbathers with sparkling water and white sand. 
Windsurfing is the sport of choice, and many of the hotels offer snorkeling trips around the island. At night, the island's numerous trendy restaurants fill up with folks settling in for a delectable meal and an evening of people watching. During the day, the town of Gustavia bustles with window-shoppers and those hoping to take a peek at the lines of glamorous yachts. 
This island is also a great place for romance. Spend an afternoon dining on a true French picnic of crusty French bread, aged cheese and a bottle of wine after hiking to Colombier Beach, once a favorite spot of the Rockefellers. However you choose to spend your stay, don't be surprised to find the days slipping away — this island retreat is almost too good to be true.
One of many islands in the Caribbean Sea, St. Barth's stands out with its pleasant blend of French chic and island relaxation. Combining beautiful secluded beaches, fine French cuisine and charming hotels, this tropical playground is a favorite among the beautiful and wealthy. The island is only 8 miles long, but is surrounded by nearly 20 beaches and dotted by many small coves, all of which welcome swimmers and sunbathers with sparkling water and white sand. Windsurfing is the sport of choice, and many of the hotels offer snorkeling trips around the island. At night, the island's numerous trendy restaurants fill up with folks settling in for a delectable meal and an evening of people watching. During the day, the town of Gustavia bustles with window-shoppers and those hoping to take a peek at the lines of glamorous yachts. This island is also a great place for romance. Spend an afternoon dining on a true French picnic of crusty French bread, aged cheese and a bottle of wine after hiking to Colombier Beach, once a favorite spot of the Rockefellers. However you choose to spend your stay, don't be surprised to find the days slipping away — this island retreat is almost too good to be true.
On this tiny island, even the crowned heads of Europe bow to the gods of sun and sea. Famed for its two European cultures, it also offers beautiful beaches and spectacular casinos. And while visitors may argue the merits of golf versus tennis, or scuba versus snorkel, all agree we’re the gourmet capital of the Caribbean. For information, call your travel professional or 1-800-St. Maarten. St. Maarten...a little European, a lot of Caribbean.
Close your eyes for a moment and imagine an island paradise where the hassles of everyday living fade away. Visualize a tropic sea so blue, and the landscape dotted with pastel-colored flowers. You’re ready to turn this dream into a reality. We invite you to make it happen in ST. THOMAS, U.S. Virgin Islands ... the time has come.
IT'S TIME TO ESCAPE TO THE MOUNTAINS. THIS SUMMER, UNWIND AT STOWE MOUNTAIN LODGE IN STOWE, VERMONT, TO EXPERIENCE HIKING, BIKING, GOLFING, ZIP-LINING, AND OTHER STOWE MOUNTAIN RESORT ATTRACTIONS IN THE FRESH GREEN MOUNTAIN AIR.  RELAX IN OUR AWARD-WINNING SPA AND DINE IN OUR FARM-TO- TABLE RESTAURANTS KNOWING THAT YOU HAVE AN EXTRA ONE-HUNDRED DOLLARS A NIGHT TO SPEND DURING OUR PEAK SUMMER SAVINGS OFFER.  CLICK NOW FOR MORE DETAILS OR VISIT "STOWE MOUNTAIN LODGE DOT COM."
Living your dream vacation takes a great deal of planning. And Sunny Cruise Magazine opens up a dazzling world of options. Explore with us the entire world of adventure and a desire for knowledge. Look for Sunny Cruise Magazine in your favorite magazine shop.
Travel, they used to say, frees the mind. It still can. So relax. Think your thoughts. And leave everything else to us. SwissAir. We care. Call your travel agent or SwissAir at 1-800-221-4750. www.swissair.com
Ever wonder when style becomes class? Style comes and goes. But when it comes and stays, it’s class. Like the new First Class in SwissAir—with its brilliant cuisine and amazing comfort, its certainly got style. Or is it class? Either way, it begins with care, and runs through everything we do. SwissAir. The airline with class.
Ever wonder when style becomes class? Style comes and goes. But when it comes and stays, it’s class. Like the new First Class in SwissAir—with its brilliant cuisine and amazing comfort, its certainly got style. Or is it class? Either way, it begins with care, and runs through everything we do. SwissAir. The airline with class.
In the heart of the south pacific just beyond Hawaii .Lie 118 islands pristine lagoons and white sand beaches. The ultimate escape.
And it's closer than you think. A destination filled with romance and adventure, where every room has a view.
Explore   indulge   or simply be, With each day as beautiful as the next this is paradise this is Tahiti.
Tahiti closer than you think.
Taiwan is a modern city clinging to the fringes of an ancient culture. It has traditional noodles from a 7-Eleven, aboriginal tribes in mini-skirts and a day of temple rituals followed by water slide rides.
Forever begins here. Immersed in more than a century of granduer, Tarrytown House Estate on the Hudson offers a distinctive setting in which to begin your new life together.
Discover Sydney from its heart at The Grace Hotel and be steps away from Darling Harbour and King Street Wharf, plus the best shopping, theatres and entertainment on offer. Standing beautifully restored today, the heritage listed Grace Hotel offers warm, personalised service and a unique blend of Art Deco charm and contemporary comforts.
The Grace, where old world charm and modern comfort meet perfectly, together.
Egypt has always been a land of mystery and magic -- a land different from all others , difficult to understand , apart and alien, yet strangely fascinating. It was the most self - contained off all the countries of the ancient world : it lived it's own life , practiced it's own religion , and made up it's own government with hardly any outside interference either from or upon other civilizations .
The Olympic Peninsula
The Olympic Peninsula boasts the only designated wilderness coastline in the nation, the only wild temperate rainforest in North America, a spectacular glaciated mountain range, and a rich Native American heritage! Hike through different ecosystems returning each night to lodges, b&b’s, and great cuisine. Spend a day on a Northwest Native American reservation learning about their culture and enjoying a traditional beach fish bake. Explore the splendor and diversity of this natural paradise!
The Olympic Peninsula boasts the only designated wilderness coastline in the nation, the only wild temperate rainforest in North America, a spectacular glaciated mountain range, and a rich Native American heritage! Hike through different ecosystems returning each night to lodges, b&b’s, and great cuisine. Spend a day on a Northwest Native American reservation learning about their culture and enjoying a traditional beach fish bake. Explore the splendor and diversity of this natural paradise!
Whether you’re a novice or an expert hiker or camper, The Outdoor Survival Handbook will help make the most of your adventures in the great outdoors. 240 pages with large informative black & white illustrations, this is the guide to the resources and materials available in the wild and how to use them for food, shelter, warmth and navigation. Organized by seasons, The Outdoor Survival Handbook is an invaluable resource for anyone of any experience level who plans to spend some time in the wilderness.
Start with a starry night, a balmy breeze and a sandy knoll to pitch your tent. Take an eco tour. Sleep under a tamarind tree. Drink from your first coconut. Come to the Virgin Islands. Three islands… endless possibilities.
Down in the Caribbean, all islands are not the same. To get the island vacation you’ve always dreamed about, choose the United States Virgin Islands. This is as beautiful as it gets. World-class dining and the best shopping in the Caribbean -- at duty-free prices! See your travel agent, or call 1-800-USVI-INFO.
Dreamworld - it's a theme park on Queens Island's gold coast and everybody has a wild day out. But, there's one special addition to Dreamworld and that's called Tiger Island. Tiger Island isn't like a zoo or circus. They got special handlers which go in with the tigers and simply interact with them. The tigers get to play, jump, climb, roll around and all this behavior is described to people who are watching. The tigers love interacting with people. These tigers are still young cats, so they're still learning how to interact properly. They have a lot of fun, but the main thing they are teaching at Dreamworld is the importance of tiger conservation, and they are raising funds to help tigers in the wild as well. This really helps you appreciate the beautiful.
Ignoring the staus quo of others, you Erik Silverson, walked with knowing pride. You found Quick Clips from Time Warner cable. Instant access video clips of breaking news, finance, stocks - even unexpected weather alerts. Because you learned long ago to march to the beat of your own drum, especially when you know the drum's gonna get drenched. Mr. Silverson, you not only discovered the power of Quick Clips, you discovered the power of you. To discover the power of digital cable and Quick Clips, call Time Warner Cable at 1-800-123-4567.
Be pampered. For you, it may mean a sun-drenched beach or a spiritual journey to a quiet spa retreat. One thing’s for sure, the only one that’s going to pamper you…is you. Travel Channel.
The world’s greatest gathering of polar bears occurs each autumn in Churchill, Manitoba. Join our naturalist guides on a Tundra Buggy or in the Tundra Bunkhouse Lodge for an unforgettable journey to see the Great White Bears. Call TravelWild Expeditions at 800-368-0077 or e-mail info@travelwild.com.
Known the world over as “the cradle of civilizations”, Turkey is truly a historic land. After three enchanting days in Istanbul, visit Ephesus, one of the world’s best preserved ancient sites. Then board a traditional Turkish Culet, a beautifully handcrafted motor yacht, for seven days while exploring the Turquoise Coast and unspoiled countryside. Walk, swim, snorkel, and reflect on the magical significance of this region -- and return with the memory of an unforgettable Mediterranean coastal odyssey.
When 14 year old Chris Hill returned home from a camel trek holiday provided by his family to put him on the straight and narrow, he knew exactly what he wanted for his 15th birthday. A camel, of course. “Old Tom” cost him $600 and more than 20 years later, the seasoned cameleer owns nearly 50 of the so-called ‘Ships of the Desert’. At 46, Old Tom is still a much loved resident at Chris’ Uluru camel farm, located in the heart of Outback Australia.
“There is just something special about them”, says Chris, co-owner of the Red Centre Uluru Camel Tours. “They’re gentle giants. One-tonne Labradors, each with their own personalities. I will die with my camels. They’re in my blood. I’ve met many women over the years who have asked me to make a choice between them and my camels, and I’ve always chosen the camels.”
The sight of Chris’ camels trekking across his beloved Red Centre desert country with Uluru and The Olgas as a back-drop, is one of the most instantly recognizable images of Australian tourism.
Uluru Camel Tours which runs trips throughout the day is located near Voyages Ayers Rock Resort, conveniently close to the Rock itself. Getting to the Red Centre is easy. Fly direct from most of the major capitals to either Ayers Rock or Alice Springs Airport with Quantas or Virgin Australia. Visit the official, Tourism NT website travelint.com for even more exciting holiday ideas.
Those who prefer their sustenance steeped in elegance, will delight in the cuisine of Connoissuer Class.  As we fly you from continent to continent, our award-winning chefs de cuisine will guide you to more heavenly destinations.  
Where there's caviar in the canapes, Burgundies and Bordeaux on the wine list, and culinary inspiration in every choice of entree.
Connoisseur Class is international business travel elevated to its highest form of civility.
Somewhere deep in your imagination there exists a place where your days are packed with excitement, and your nights rock with music, where laughter is spoken as the universal language, a place where movies come alive, and the laws of gravity are broken, Universal Orlando resorts, a vacation from the ordinary.
Check out the Vail snowboard and freestyle scene. Packed with tons of stuff to keep all types of riders jammin' day and night. The mountain is epic. Deep dry powder, sunshine, and the Golden Peak terrain park. Vail's on-the-peak party playground is sicker than ever. Plus, there's over 5000 acres of free riding and skiing. Plain and simple, Vail's got everything you could want, and a town that keeps things going, all night long.
Venice has more than a thousand years of history behind it, but no one has ever seen it in exactly the same light or colors. Each hour, each minute, it changes its apparel of water and clouds, dazzling light and reflections. Venice…an ever-lasting, and ever-changing vacation.
Come away with us on a journey to more fascinating destinations than you could ever encounter any other way. Sail the legendary waterways into the heart of the world's greatest cities with Viking River Cruises. Elegant. Stylish. Exceptionally Comfortable. Spend less time getting there and more time being there.
We know how frustrating air travel can be. That's why we offer comforts that bring out the best in business passengers, like our on-board massage therapy. With five amazing treatments to choose from, it's no wonder why more of our passengers arrive rested, relaxed, and dare we say...smiling. So go on, fly Virgin Atlantic Airways and see why Upper Class is rubbing everyone the right way.
Hello, I’m here to tell you about Virgin Atlantic to Scotland. The Atlantic is a great ocean, and Scotland is a wonderful place to visit. Take it from me, I’ve lived there all my life, and I still marvel at the beauty of a land so rich in history. Edinburgh is just a hop, skip, and a jump away with four flights a day from New York’s Kennedy Airport. Our business class rivals the others, and our food is top drawer. In fact, Travel Magazine named us Airline of the Year. That’s why your next trip to Scotland should be on Virgin Atlantic.
High above the Waldorf-Astoria, you will find one of New York’s best guarded secrets, The Walford Towers. From our private entrance and lobby, to our beautifully appointed executive guest rooms and suites, to the exclusive benefits of our Astoria Lounge, it is the perfect setting for a weekend escape.
It’s a magical time to take your little characters. Is your living room a living storybook? Is there a princess on your couch who looks a lot like your little girl? Or a little beast roaring through the roam? Then, it’s the perfect time to introduce your child to the world where that magic is real. - Walt Disney World Resort. Call today for your FREE Vacation Planning Kit. You’ll get everything you need to know to plan a Disney Trip with your preschoolers, and discover the magic through their eyes. Call 1-800-225-3124 for a Free Vacation Planning Kit.
C’mon, you can do it. Folks with a lot less nerve than you try it and love it. A spray in the face, the thrill of a lifetime. Take West Virginia head-on and go for it. And if this kind of action is too much action, we have a quieter side. So you can backpack, camp out, or stay at a park lodge. Enjoyment comes in all sizes and shapes here. West Virginia. You’ve got to see it up close to believe it. You’ve got to get a free travel pack to see what you want to see. You’ve got to agree after you’ve been here once, it’s a natural.
A shower that can dissolve a day. The Heavenly Show by Westin is a down-pour of a shower. To be followed by a thick, cotton velour robe and a new outlook on life. Let us reserve your stay. Call 1-800-Westin1 or your travel planner. Best rates, guaranteed at westin.com.
Glory is fickle and hidden at the end of a long, tangled road. Tolls are paid in sweat and tear, by those with fire in their soul. Through the toils of each day, spirits are tested, character revealed. Demanding greatness, from self, from all, upholding an ideal.
The road to greatness is paved by the patient, calloused hands of the past. But a great past does not ensure a great future. Along with talent and heart, equipment is the unifying piece of an athlete's arsenal.
As long as there are athletes with fire in their hearts, one company will craft the tools that fan the flames. Hard work is lived. Not spoken. Nor thought. But done. Every day, one's ethic is put to the test.
We are Wilson. The hardest working brand in sports.
If you’re in the dark about where to ski, let us shed some light on the subject. High in Virginia’s Blue Ridge Mountains, discover what’s been called the Mid-Atlantic’s finest overall ski experience. Wintergreen offers ten slopes, five lifts, and an extensive snow-making system. Not to mention luxurious accommodations, an indoor spa, and a nationally-recognized children’s program. For more information, call 1-800-ski-green. That’s 1-800-ski-green. Wintergreen and Virginia...the perfect combination!
The feast is Europe, and you are the chef. World Airways presents a travel program with an inspired difference. It lets you create the European trip you believe will most appeal to your palate. You choose from an intriguing menu of cities, hotels, and a series of exclusive excursions. To wet your appetite with more details, call your travel agent, or call World Airways...the official airline of Europe.
Wrestling
Script:
On January 30th... The crowd will shake... The earth will rumble... 30 superstar wrestlers of the WWF bang heads in a winner take all rumble... 30 wrestlers... One ring... Something’s gotta give... Superstar wrestling on ESPN.
How to turn $200 into a grand. A grand time that is. Whether you’re teeing off at our par 72 championship golf course or taking in a meal with your family, Wyndham’s Myrtle Beach Resort and Arcadian Shores Golf Club will give you up to $200 to spend on either. It’s all part of our Memories on US Spending Spree. You’re sure to make memories, the kinds that last forever, The Wyndham Way.






Prev | 
  Next | 


  See all testimonials

