

#left .ff-ad a{
font-size: 11px;
line-height:15px;
}



Features

About
Share a Script
Search Scripts
Stats

View Scripts


English Adult
CommercialBusiness (620)Character (155)Dialogue (59)Food & Beverage (451)Health & Beauty Aids (456)Imaging (21)Infomercial (17)Kids (15)Political (14)Promo & Trailer (251)Promotional (103)Public Service Announcement (PSA) (202)Retail (484)Transportation (334)Travel & Entertainment (224)NarrationAnimation (34)Announcements (7)Audiobook (278)Biography (138)Character (83)Corporate (145)Documentary (399)eLearning & Education (177)Exercise (5)Government (7)Inspiration, Relaxation (85)Internet Audio (10)Medical & Pharmaceutical (82)Non-Profit (14)Podcast (11)Telephony (90)Tongue Twisters (59)Tours (46)Travelogue (33)Video Game (43) 
Spanish
CommercialBusiness (20)Character (2)Dialogue (8)Food & Beverage (30)Health & Beauty Aids (21)Imaging (1)Kids (1)Promo & Trailer (4)Promotional (1)Public Service Announcement (PSA) (15)Retail (18)Transportation (13)Travel & Entertainment (4)NarrationAnimation (3)Audiobook (6)Biography (1)Corporate (14)Documentary (23)eLearning & Education (17)Exercise (2)Government (2)Inspiration, Relaxation (2)Internet Audio (2)Medical & Pharmaceutical (11)Non-Profit (5)Telephony (5)Tongue Twisters (1)Tours (6)Travelogue (2) 
English Children
CommercialBusiness (1)Character (11)Dialogue (2)Kids (32)Promo & Trailer (2)Promotional (1)Retail (1)Travel & Entertainment (1)NarrationAnimation (18)Audiobook (82)Biography (4)Character (4)Documentary (14)eLearning & Education (26)Medical & Pharmaceutical (1)Non-Profit (2)Tongue Twisters (2)Tours (2)Video Game (1) 



Where do you get your pets flea, tick and heartworm medications? 1-800-PET-MEDS guarantees the lowest price on all your pets medications. Order now and receive free shipping. Call 1-800-PET-MEDS.
Ace Brand lawn and garden supplies are made with a satisfaction guarantee. Because all the talk in the world doesn’t matter if you can’t back it up. Ace Brand.
The new SL Hoops from Adidas. Where sport and style become one. July 25. Only at Champs Sports. Where sport lives.
Relaxes like a back massage, but costs a lot less and lasts a lot longer. We could all use a little break. That’s why AirWick designed a range of aromatherapy products with a unique blend of essential oils that will revitalize your spirits. AirWick. It’s good to be home.
If you're ever near Durango, Colorado, you'll find a road to the sky...where a hundred years ago, men searched for the silver and gold they saw there. There are over one million miles of roads in Alamo territory, all over America, and every day, with every car nationwide, only ALAMO gives you all those miles for free, including a seventy-mile stretch along route 550 in Colorado, which takes you to the sky.
If you’re ever near Durango, Colorado, you’ll find a road to the sky...where a hundred years ago, men searched for the silver and gold they saw there. There are over one million miles of roads in Alamo territory, all over America. And every day, with every car nationwide, only ALAMO gives you all those miles for free, including a seventy mile stretch along route 550 in Colorado, which takes you to the sky.
Bill: Ahh man, split another board
Earl: Bill where'd you get this lumber from?
Bill: The discount lumber yard.
Earl: Well go figure. I wouldn't use this wood to build a dog house. Bill, our reputation is on the line. You know what I suggest you do?
Bill: Build a bonfire?
Earl: Well yeah, that's a start. But you need to go to Alexander Lumber. Quality lumber is their business, and our business depends on it.
Announcer: Whether you're a professional, or a do it yourselfer, Alexander Lumber has everything you need. Alexander Lumber.
Day and Night, we make things happen.
We've helped celebrate forgotten anniversaries.
Found tired travellers a bed.
All over the world, we've gone above and beyond, 24/7..
We personally delivered replacement cards.
Found doctors who speak your language..
We've tracked down lost wedding dresses..
Turned 3 Star into a Million Star dining.
We've even returned a loved one home.
Impossible...Nah!
Does this sound like the service you get from your card?
American Express. Realise the potential.
Free. Now when’s the last time ya’ heard that? A while...right? Well at American Tire Supply, when you buy one all-weather radial tire, you get another one free! Plus, get a free alignment! Hey, with a deal like this, how can you NOT afford to visit. So hurry on down to your local American Tire Supply, where you can still hear the word free. Subject to dealer participation.
Amoco knows how busy you are. We know there’s never enough time in your day. We know it’s not always convenient to get your car repaired. So Certicare will now fix your car at night -- while you’re asleep. New “Service While You Sleep.” Just call 1-800-4-REPAIR. That’s 1-800-4-REPAIR. Certicare’s “Service While You Sleep.” Only at participating Amoco dealers.
Crystal clear gasoline, for cars that benefit from Premium Gasoline. Amoco Ultimate. You should expect more from a leader.
You are nobody’s fool, you weren’t born yesterday, you didn’t come down with the rain, and you most definitely did not fall off the back of the turnip truck. No sir, you are one smart cookie, especially when it comes to your car; you know your correct tire pressure, you can find your own dip stick, thank you! And of course, you demand Amoco Ultimate premium gasoline, because you know that your car maker recommends a premium like Ultimate for optimum performance. Are you omniscient? Possessed of a higher intelligence?
He makes you laugh. Actually likes snuggling. And never channel surfs. Doesn’t he deserve a little extra attention from you? Each year, dogs of all ages, breeds, and sizes develop arthritis. So pay close attention to yours. If you notice a loss of mobility or energy level after normal activity, find out how Rimadyl has helped nearly one million dogs with arthritis put quality of life ahead of their pain.
Animal Health
He makes you laugh. Actually likes snuggling. And never channel surfs. Doesn’t he deserve a little extra attention from you? Each year, dogs of all ages, breeds, and sizes develop arthritis. So pay close attention to yours. If you notice a loss of mobility or energy level after normal activity, find out how Rimadyl has helped nearly one million dogs with arthritis put quality of life ahead of their pain.
The perfect gift starts with love. For family, friends, colleagues, for everyone who really matters in your life. Ann Taylor loft.
When it comes to innovation in natural stone, one company stands alone: Antolini. The result is the Precioustone Collection. Over 100 unique creations, unrivalled for their artful beauty and exquisite quality. Setting the standard for Italian craftsmanship. And now, this collection is available throughout the US. Locate your nearest Precioustone distributor at antoliniprecioustone.com. Antolini. Bringing Stone to Life.
Slip into a hydrotherapy bath or melt under a reflexology massage. Be pampered by AquaSpa, the most luxurious spa at sea.. And to all of life’s little tensions, say bon voyage. For reservations, call your travel agent or 1-800-CELEBRITY.
AquaSpa
Slip into a hydrotherapy bath or melt under a reflexology massage. Be pampered by AquaSpa, the most luxurious spa at sea.. And to all of life’s little tensions, say bon voyage. For reservations, call your travel agent or 1-800-CELEBRITY.
Introducing Aquos, inspiring flat panel, liquid crystal television. Crystal-clear image quality. Outstanding brightness. And a screen that’s merely 2.5 inches thin. Aquos by Sharp. It’s what TV will be.
It’s the look you’re looking for. Your own unique style. Visions Solarian allows you to combine color to create borders, stripes, insets, accents. Unlimited options can make your room brighter, more colorful, more interesting, more personal. See for yourself. Call 1-800 233-3823 for your nearest Armstrong Floor Fashion Center retailer.
Listen... What do you hear? Nothing. No noise ... digital audio purity. The new digital enhanced audio systems from Panasonic will change the way you listen to music. Now listen… What do you hear? Every nuance … crystal clear … like it was meant to sound. So sit down, relax, close your eyes, and get ready for the digital enhanced audio systems from Panasonic. Only at AUDIO ASSOCIATES... there’s no mistaking our sound.
Audio Associates
Listen... What do you hear? Nothing. No noise ... digital audio purity. The new digital enhanced audio systems from Panasonic will change the way you listen to music. Now listen… What do you hear? Every nuance … crystal clear … like it was meant to sound. So sit down, relax, close your eyes, and get ready for the digital enhanced audio systems from Panasonic. Only at AUDIO ASSOCIATES... there’s no mistaking our sound.
So you finally get that humongous TV with the man-eating speakers that apparently goes with your other twelve blinking boxes. Now where the heck are you gonna put them? No one puts the home in home theater like Audio-One. There’s a sale on now!
Audio-One
So you finally get that humongous TV with the man-eating speakers that apparently goes with your other twelve blinking boxes. Now where the heck are you gonna put them? No one puts the home in home theater like Audio-One. There’s a sale on now!
The Hartford Courant’s got a great new way to shop for a used car. It’s AutoSource ... Connecticut’s used car hotline. Call 522-AUTO from anywhere, anytime, and shop for a used car by make, model, budget, and options. It’s easy. Simply call 522-AUTO and follow the prompts. Auto Source ... Connecticut’s used car hotline. All you need to shop for a great used car.
Automated Phone Voice System
All of our operators are currently assisting other customers. Please stay on the line—one of our representatives will be with you shortly. Please make sure you have your account number ready so that we may better assist you. This call may be monitored for quality assurance.
John P. from Ohio said, “I like how you designed your jeans without the cheap hotel syndrome (no ballroom).”  So we started to call ‘em Ballroom Jeans and the rest is history! The built-in crotch gusset makes crouching, climbing, all kinds of gyrations possible with more comfort. Crouch without the Ouch. Ballroom Jeans. From the Duluth Trading Company.
In 1923 Barney Pressman opened a little store on 7th Avenue and 17th Street.  He opened that store with a grand total of 40 suits.  He sold the suits during the good times and he got by on the seat of his pants during the bad times.  He worked long...and he worked hard.  But if he did anything, he always gave the people in this town what they wanted.  Their money's worth.  He named his store Barney's.  And today his store is still giving people their money's worth.  Only now, Barney's has a lot more to give. Today that little hole in the block is not only the whole block, it's the single largest men's store in the world.  Barney's has changed a lot since 1923...but the idea of giving people their money's worth hasn't.
In Manhattan there’s a landmark community filled with historic brownstones and old-world charm. Its name is Chelsea. And in Chelsea, there’s another landmark, one that’s known throughout the world. Its name is Barney’s. With men’s fashions from here and abroad, a trip to Barney’s is like a tour of the fashion capitals of the world. And since it may be difficult for you to see these spring fashions during the day, we make it easy for you to see them at night. We’re open every night ‘til 9:30, including Saturday. BARNEY’S ... where you’ll see the spring fashions that’ll be seen this year in Paris, Rome, London, and, of course, Chelsea.
There’s a color for the thing everyone wants most. Maybe it’s ruby, as in slippers. Three clicks, and there’s no place like it. It’s the color of the heart’s deepest desire: to be where you truly belong.
For everything that matters, there’s a deep, rich, enduring color. It’s the color of being gone a little too long, then finally coming home.
Benjamin Moore. 
script by jamesromick
Benjamin Moore calls it Mellow Yellow. I call it exactly what I wanted. I knew a wanted a warm, comfortable color for my bedroom, but I wasn’t sure which one. A single trip to my Benjamin Moore dealer made it easy to choose.
If you need to escape the daily grind, come to BEST BUY. You'll find tons of games and you can play all you want. Which beats working through lunch. BEST BUY. Turn on the fun.
Best Buy
If you need to escape the daily grind, come to BEST BUY. You'll find tons of games and you can play all you want. Which beats working through lunch. BEST BUY. Turn on the fun.
We did all our own stunts. And we looked great in the close-ups. No wonder the makers of the hit movie XXX picked BFGoodrich tires for Xander Cage’s scene-stealing Pontiac GTO. Whatever you drive, there’s a BFGoodrich tire with movie-star looks and authentic star performance. For more info visit www.bfgoodrichtires.com. (BFGoodrich. Take control.)
The things that go bump underneath your truck are downright scary. Which is why you need some monsters of your own. BF Goodrich light truck tires are big. They're tough. They're fierce-looking. Off-the-shelf BF Goodrich tires have won more major off-road races and rock-crawling championships than any other. So visit your BF Goodrich tires retailer. And turn your truck into a monster truck. Call 1-877-BFG-TIRE or visit www.bfgoodrichtires.com. Put some monsters under your bed. BF Goodrich tires. Take control.
Why do more people buy their bikes from Bikes USA? Let’s count the reasons! One! From 29 dollars to over 2000 dollars, from kids to adults, Bikes USA has over 500 bikes in stock. Two! 90 day low price guarantee. Three! Experienced knowledgeable staff. And finally, the best reason?…the huge savings you’ll find at our ten area stores during our grand opening sale going on now at Bikes USA!
Step up to Bolen’s revolutionary One Step Mulching Mower. We called it One Step because when you use it, you never have to rake afterwards. In fact, you couldn’t rake if you tried, because our Mulching Mower has already recycled the extra-tiny grass clippings--mulch--back into your lawn. There, it’s useful as an organic fertilizer. All this simply means that the job is done in 40% less time. So waste no time taking advantage of our nationwide sale. Look for the revolutionary ONE STEP MULCHING MOWER at BOLEN’S dealers everywhere.
Save time, save money, and even help save the environment -- right in your own backyard. How? Bolen’s revolutionary One Step Mulching Mower. At Bolen’s, we knew that if we could just make clippings tiny, they would actually feed your lawn, instead of choking it. So we made a mower that makes tiny clippings, and automatically returns them to your lawn as organic fertilizer. You never have to rake. In one step, you’ve shaved 40% from your mowing time. With BOLEN’S ONE STEP MULCHING MOWER, you save “mulch” more than a few steps.
The Borden’s Milk Truck was part of the fabric of American life in the 1950s. In fair weather or foul, yellow and white trucks with the familiar, smiling face of “Elsie the Cow” on their sides would make their rounds delivering the day’s milk. Now, you have the opportunity to own an authentic die-cast metal replica of a classic piece of Americana...the “1950 Borden’s Milk Truck”.
Shh. You'll wake the dishwasher. Bosch.
Welcome to a better surrounding world, where your music comes alive as never before. The QC 15 headphones are the best, with Bose technologies that deliver sound more naturally than conventional headphones. And a significant improvement in the noise reduction helps you focus on each nuance of your music, as distractions fade into the background.
Better sound through research.
Bose home theater systems customize their sound to fit your room. Choosing anything less just doesn't sound right. BOSE... better sound through research.
3 wires. 2 speakers. 1 easy system. Imagine five-speaker surround sound. Now imagine enjoying much of that same experience without center or rear speakers. And without all those extra wires. Imagine that. The 3-2-1 home entertainment system from Bose. Surround sound without room invasion.
Open up to a fresh new feeling. New Bounce Fabric Refresher sprays odors out of all your fabrics and leaves a gentle freshness throughout your home everyday. Bounce Fabric Refresher. The start of something fresh.
Introducing Bounty Double Quilted! Each sheet is quilted once. Then quilted again, making it the strongest 2-ply paper towel. And there are twice as many sheets on a roll. More sheets that can do more jobs than you ever thought possible. New Bounty Double Quilted.
From tires to gas grills, oil changes to clogged sinks, Bounty Heavy Duty soaks up, cleans out, and finishes your tough task. Then you throw it away. No more cutting up your favorite ripped t-shirt. No petrified old sponges. Bounty Heavy Duty, you’ll have no problem with that.
Get a real Bowflex body for just $19 a month. Built for serious strength training the new Bowflex features traditional gym-style design, / (that'll give you the body you want in just 20 minutes a day 3 times a week, built-in lat tower, adjustable upper and lower pulley positions and a reinforced X-shaped base for unmatched stability. All for just $19 a month
All it takes for quick results is one simple workout done 20 minutes a day for three days a week. Own your very own Bowflex Extreme. No matter what your age, if you want real results, you need a real Bowflex. Call for a free DVD or video, or visit us at extremebowflex.com today.
All it takes for quick results is one simple workout done 20 minutes a day for three days a week. Own your very own Bowflex Extreme. No matter what your age, if you want real results, you need a real Bowflex. Call for a free DVD or video, or visit us at extremebowflex.com today.
Of course it’s bigger than a plasma. There’s an entire movie theater in there. The Sony Bravia SXRD.
You’ve got it all ... a self-assured manner, a distinctive air that sets you apart, understated sporty elegance, clothes to reflect who you are, where you’re going, and what you can achieve. Britches has sturdy lines, and a sporty look for your quest of adventure. In every way, the hallmark of the man of accomplishment. You are the best reflection of your own self-image and Britches is your tradition. Visit us soon at Britches of Westport, Greenwich, and White Plains.
You’ve got it all ... a self-assured manner, a distinctive air that sets you apart, understated sporty elegance, clothes to reflect who you are, where you’re going, and what you can achieve. Britches is the hallmark of the man of accomplishment. You are the best reflection of your own self-image and Britches is your tradition. Visit us soon at Britches of Westport, Greenwich, and White Plains.
During this two-day tent sale at Buck Home Furnishings, you’ll save on furniture for every room in your home. Savings of up to 70 percent, and in addition to the hundreds of items under the Buck Home big top, you’ll find special savings throughout our beautiful showroom. For exquisite furniture at a fraction of the price, don’t miss buck home’s annual tent sale this Friday and Saturday only.
Come to Burlington Coat Factor’s grand openings in South Plainfield and Garden City. Discover how easy it is to afford famous designer clothes. Terrific men’s wear, super kids, clothes, plus designer shoes, fabulous linens and home furnishings, and the best baby furniture and accessories.
The club that changed everything is once again changing the way the game is played. The most beloved titanium driver in the history of golf has a new look, new technology, and new distance-enhancing features. Great Big Bertha is Back! From Callaway Golf.
The CanoScan FB620P provides 600 dpi scanning of everything from articles to photos and graphics. And thanks to Canon’s design innovations, this performance comes in a remarkably compact package ideal for the desktop.
The world is a changing place. The demands put upon the average business person require superb organizational procedures, and complex filing capabilities. So, let the paper files go. The new Canofile 250 by Canon virtually eliminates file cabinets and lost documents … and it puts all your files on top of your desk. You might say that Canon has reinvented the filing system. THE CANON CANOFILE 250 …innovative engineering at an inexpensive price.
Canon’s top-of-the-line EOS-1N RS Camera enables professional photographers to precisely capture the decisive movement, with a constantly visible viewfinder image and an ultrafast continuous shooting speed of up to 10 frames per second. Wildlife as Canon sees it.
When it comes to high definition camcorders, Canon has a higher definition. Canon- image anywhere.
Pictures without film. Prints without a computer. What's this world coming to? Ditch your computer. The Canon Card Photo Printer CP-100 connects right to your PowerShot digital camera. It gives you photographic-quality prints with 300-dpi resolution. And rich, true colors. For credit card and 4 by 6 inch print sizes that you can create anywhere, in less than 90 seconds. And all settings are adjusted on the camera's LCD monitor. The only thing easier is taking the picture. See the Canon Card Photo Printer CP-100 online at PowerShot.com or call us at 1-800-OK-Canon. Canon, digital that inspires.
To excel at digital photography all you need is a brilliant mind, extraordinary sensitivity, unprecedented compatibility and an attractive body. And only one camera has them all..the Canon EOS 10D.
Somewhere between dusky gray and pale green, is a color called moss. One of the colors between the colors created by Canon Laser Color. Canon Laser Color. Its only competition is reality.
Any printer can print your photos. How many can enhance them? On the i900D, you can preview your shots and even crop them. To learn more, visit us at www.canon.com or call 1-800-OK-Canon. Canon. The printer that has the right connections.
Want the freedom to print beautiful, borderless photos without going to a photo lab? Take a look at the all-new line of Canon printers. You can take digital images and printout 4 x 6” borderless photos in about 47 seconds. You can also print stunning 8 ½ x 11” edge-to-edge, borderless photos. And with the Canon Easy-PhotoPrint software that comes with all our printers, it’s never been easier to crop, rotate, resize, and print your photos. So go ahead: start printing. There are no borders anymore. Canon. Know how.
Some say we've lost our touch, that we're not the same people we once were.
That we don't build things with lasting details or worse ..that we just don't bother, really ..we the people who built a country, who rely on ourselves to get things done.. well, there's really only one way to tell if we've lost our grip. Next time you see someone wearing Carhart , just shake their hand.
Music mobility meets style with Case Logic’s CD wallets and player cases. Case Logic offers durable storage protection with an upscale look and feel. Made of sleek, high quality materials and enhanced with saddle detailing. Case Logic allows you to take your music and go in style. Case Logic.
If it’s organization that you’re after, then it’s the Casio Pocket Viewer you want. It syncs easily with PCs and even comes with software for Microsoft Outlook. Its unique one-finger action button and easy pen-touch operation makes note taking a cinch. With your choice of 1MB or 2MB RAM, the Pocket Viewer always gives you exactly what you want.
A robot can make a car, but this is how you make it roar. A chip can control the engine, but this is how you set it free. A manual says what a car might do, now discover what it wants to do. Give it the edge. Give it Syntec.
You know, when Mamma cooked, nobody could beat the fresh aroma that came from her kitchen.  Somehow the sauce was always just right.  The pasta so fresh, the taste so delicious.  Now, there's only one name to think of for food like Mamma's: CELANTANO.  Celantano Italian frozen entrees are as fresh as a home cooked meal.  Lasagna, Ravioli, Manicotti.
I am not a “size”. I am not a stereotype. I want workout clothes that fit who I am. Champion Woman is a complete line of sport bras and active wear from sizes 14 to 28. Designed to fit real woman like you.
Established in 1983, Chico's began in a small store on Sanibel Island, Florida with Marvin and Helene Gralnick selling Mexican folk art and cotton sweaters. Now, 19 years later, we have grown to over 400 stores nationwide. From our exclusive, private-label designs to our most amazing personal service, Chico's is truly a unique retail environment. When you walk into any Chico's store, you can depend upon the sales staff to coordinate, accessorize, and help you build a wardrobe to suit your needs. We're moving fast, but not without you. Get yourself to Chico's!
To make sure every Clarks shoe is a perfect fit, we carry out the Clarks 10 Step Check. We check the length and the width, choosing from up to 184 sizes including 6 widths. We check the depth, the arch, the ankle, the heel. We check their support where they should be and no pressure where they shouldn't. Your child will take 3 million steps this year, but it's the first 10 that are the most important. Clarks, the perfect fit.
To make sure every Clarks shoe is a perfect fit, we carry out the Clarks 10 Step Check. We check the length and the width, choosing from up to 184 sizes including 6 widths. We check the depth, the arch, the ankle, the heel. We check their support where they should be and no pressure where they shouldn't. Your child will take 3 million steps this year, but it's the first 10 that are the most important. Clarks, the perfect fit.
At Classic Clothing, the classics are always in style! If you’d love to be a flapper, a rapper, or see yourself in something dapper, come into Classic Clothing. We’ll decorate your mood. We’ll show you mystique, and up-to-the-moment chic. See how far you can go in our classic boutique. We’ve got clothes for dash and looks that sass. Dress for a jaunt or even a haunt. CLASSIC CLOTHING brings out the class ... in you!
You know a toilet’s favorite stain remover is Clorox Bleach. But bleach doesn’t stick to the sides of the bowl where the stains hang out. That’s why we created New Clorox Bleach Toilet Bowl Cleaner, now with twice as much Clorox Bleach, in a gel that sticks to stubborn stains ‘til they’re gone. Leaves the bowl sparkling clean and sanitary too. With a nice, fresh scent. Mm-mmm. New Clorox Bleach Toilet Bowl Cleaner. The bleach that sticks to stains.
Commode. Potty. John. Loo. Lavatory. Latrine. Head. Bog. Thunderbox. Netty. Dunny. Privy. Can. The oval office. The porcelain throne. The toilet. No matter what you call it, Clorox has been trusted to keep it clean for nearly 100 years. That's because only Clorox toilet bowl cleaners are powered by Clorox Bleach.
Food, moisture, and lots of places to hide. No wonder a billion germs call your sponge home. New Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Don’t spread germs. Kill them.
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. One-step cleaning and disinfecting. Lemon fresh. Bleach free. From Clorox.
Simple as ABC. A. Squeeze the trigger. B. Release the cleaner, no need for buckets. C. Toss the pad, dirt and all. Sparkling clean floors, even wood floors, in half the time. The Clorox Ready Mop all-in-one mopping system. What could be simpler?
During Clover's incredible 1/2 off Great American sale, save up to 50% on all above-ground pools. Choose from 5 spa models priced from $1488 and get early buy specials on vent-free gas logs and fireplaces, plus bars and bar stools. Only at Clover.
SCRIPT DIRECTION:
Delivery must be clear. Observe punctuation marks. Tone should be confident, sophisticated, classy yet engaging and friendly.
"HAAN" is pronounced as "HAHN" as in "dawn". 
SCRIPT:
Welcome to Cole Haan -- designers of luxury shoes, bags and fine leather accessories, with soothing music, creating a unique shopping experience. You're listening, to Cole Haan Rhythms.
Revel in the sound of luxury and quality, only here at Cole Haan. You're tuned in, to Cole Haan Rhythms.
Experience a fusion of classic designs, modern style innovations, and the freshest sounds. This, is Cole Haan Rhythms.
Comcast is so fast! And it speeds through a connection that's always on. Plus, it comes with tons of special features like click-and-play video clips, exciting games, kid's activities, digital music and so much more. Comcast connects you like never before.
Want to see something amazing? Here’s a mildew remover that sticks. New Comet Spray Gel. Unlike ordinary sprays that run, Comet Spray Gel sticks to mildew so its bleaching powers stay concentrated. New Comet Spray Gel. Stick it to Mildew.
Thank you for calling Mosaic Tile Company.  Our new 11,000sf Design Center is located at 3935 Stonecroft Blvd in Chantilly, directly off of route 50, across from the Chantilly Auto Park. Our Design Center is open Monday through Friday from 7:30am to 7:00 pm and Saturdays from 9 to 1. Contractor Sales Counter is open Monday through Friday from 7:30am to 4:30 pm, and Saturdays from 9 to 1. Please hold while we get one of our team members to assist you..........Did you know we’re moving?  Effective September 24th our Chantilly location will be operating out of the new 11,000sf Design Center located at 3935 Stonecroft Blvd, directly across from the Chantilly Auto Park off of Route 50.  Be sure to stop by after September 24th to check out our new flagship location complete with over 100 installations featuring the latest trends in tile today.
Before you buy furniture from some far away place, check out the deals right here in West Hartford at Connecticut Home Interiors. Every gorgeous piece of high-quality furniture is discounted. Plus, you get our exclusive 5-year warranty. Come visit our 30,000 square foot showroom. Save even more during Connecticut Home Interiors’ storewide Memorial Day clearance sale. CONNECTICUT HOME INTERIORS -- Your furniture connection.
The staff of Consumer Reports goes to work every day and kicks tires. But that’s not all. They kick other things too! They test, shake up, jump on, throw about, use and abuse, play with, plug in, ride on, listen to, watch, wait, and finally -- report. Report their detailed and easy-to-understand findings about everything from instant coffee to instant bonding glues. From VCRs to trenchcoats. From cordless phones to allergy treatments. So let them kick some tires for you. CONSUMER REPORTS.
The Cooper ZR-2XS--Ultra high performance tire. Made to perform on skin pad, the slalom--the track and in the real world. Cooper Tires…Don't Give Up a Thing.
Give comfort and joy. Little luxuries make life sweeter. Holiday gifts, candles, fragrance, body and bath care. Crabtree & Evelyn. Everyday luxury. Beautiful gifts.
Announcing a house guest. Crate and Barrel’s 2000 Best Buys Catalogue is moving in with you, for a year. Because every single one of our Best Buys will be locked in at its current low price -- all year long. So go ahead and make CRATE AND BARREL BEST BUYS CATALOGUE feel at home. At year’s end, we guarantee you’ll be sorry to see it go. Call 1-800-555-1600 for your free copy now.
Could this be the perfect chair? Well, let’s see. A style that compliments any décor. A size that’s big enough to lounge in, small enough to tuck away in a corner. And a price that just might be the best economic news you’ve heard all year. Is “Grace” the perfect chair? Could be. You’ll find it only at Crate and Barrel.
A night at the Opera. The house lights dim. The conductor begins the overture. A great, round sound unfolds. A tenor of incredible presence, beautiful color, well-crafted phrasing resonates. A sensual, rhythmic vocal line unfurls. The staging is opulent, the atmosphere rich. An enormous experience of dramatic value. Bravo. The Lyric sofa. For the Crate and Barrel store near you, call 800:996-9960 or visit rateandbarrel.com.
Crayola Color Wonder Markers color only on special paper. So your kids can express their creativity more often...in more places...with less mess. Crayola Color Wonder. It starts with Crayola.
At Creative Dots, we know how important the complete picture is. Whether it's a dinosaur, a bunny rabbit, or the latest animated movie character, our designers take great care in balancing manageable connect-the-dots puzzling with the mystery of the final result. Creative Dots puzzles are smart, too. Right next to each of our dots? Numbers. And check out our new artisanal line that integrates both numbers and letters. Yes, they cost a little more, but it's a small price to pay for the raves you'll get from family and friends. Creative Dots. Get the complete picture.
Open up your home to the legendary Cuisinart Food Processor and turn meals into fabulous occasions. Make a sumptuous family breakfast of sliced fresh fruits and sweet pastries. Lunch, dinner or get-togethers? Impress all with an array of hors d’oeuvres, homemade breads, elegant entrees and delicious desserts. The next generation of Food Processors by Cuisinart. Now, savor the good life with family and friends. Cuisinart. Savor the good life.
Discover hand-carved estate furniture, from mahogany dining tables to pine armoires, and much more at Custom Furniture Outlet. Over 30,000 square feet of one-of-a-kind treasures: breakfronts, marble-top commodes, bedroom sets ... the premiere source of great ideas for home decorating. CUSTOM FURNITURE OUTLET.
There is a place without clutter.
A place where your wardrobe, is something you love.
A place where your wardrobe is something you want to wear. 
There is a place where perfect lives. 
Fewer, better things.
Cuyana.com (KOO-YA-NAH)
Family functions. They’re great, if your family functions. They’re not so great if it doesn’t. There’s your mum who’s not talking to your aunty. Your uncle who’s trying to pick up your girl friend! And your nan who suffers from same story syndrome. But before you reach for the car keys, reach for a Dare Iced Coffee. The real Arabica and Robusta coffee kick will tell you what to do. Marry your best mate’s sister! Then your bro, will really be, your bro! Who says you can’t chase your family?A Dare Ied Coffee fix will fix it!
Cd's and MP3's sound great, but they're just so sterile; where's the humanity? Certainly not in vinyl—that's just plastic. No, we need the genuine artifact— that's right, the Edison Cylinder. At Dave's Audio CylinderWorks and Sriracha Boutique, we custom-handcraft wax cylinders of your favourite music, so it can be enjoyed the way nature intended. Your listening experience will be so much richer when your favourite obscure cuts are not only underscored with the hiss of nature's background noise, but sprinkled with the boxy, organic pops and scratches that only natural wax can provide. Speaking of wax, we make ours from the finest free-trade, Carpathian-mined ozokerite, with a supplement of organic beeswax. (You should also pick up one of our manually operated cylinder players, handmade from beetlepine and salvaged iron.) Dave's Audio CylinderWorks and Sriracha Boutique. You can hear the Authenticity.
Dazzling diamonds. Stunning stones. Amazing metals. David Yurman at Neiman Marcus.
Color your prom. The biggest trend in fashion is all about color. Shades that are hot for spring and perfect for prom. At David's, you'll find a rainbow of styles in sizes 2 - 22, ready to try on at perfectly affordable prices! Plus, get all the accessories from head to toe. Express who you are in your favorite color! View more styles at www.davidsprom.com.
Are you a greenhouse or a haunted house? A princess or a pea? Fish or fowl? A movie screen or a mirror? Ruffles or fringe? Fuzz or fizz? A shark or a dolphin? Tin foil or plastic wrap? A garden or a jungle? Ready for spring? Get a catalog. Find a store. Shop online. www.delias.com
Dial A Mattress takes all the stress out of a kid’s move from a crib to a bed. Our special Kid’s First Bed comes with a Nickelodeon Rug Rats sheet, and a Kid’s Gift Pack that includes a pillow designed especially for kids, a waterproof mattress cover, and a special storybook. Call 1 800-KIDSBED. That’s 1 800-KIDSBED.
Your left hand likes evenings at home.  Your right hand loves a night out.  Your left hand reads stories before bed. Your right hands lives a story worth telling. Women of the world, raise your right hand. The diamond right hand. Visit more at adiamondisforever.com
She can always tell when I’m up to something. So when she’s sees the little box, she’ll give me one of her knowing smiles. Then she’ll open it. Her eyes will widen. She’ll attempt speech. And fail. Tomorrow, she’ll be on the phone to all her friends. Tonight, it’s just us. Diamonds ... beyond all her expectations.
Only the rarest diamond survives the hazardous journey from the depths of the earth to the earth’s surface. About 250 tons of ore must be mined to produce a one-carat diamond gem of this quality. Anything this rare is also deemed to be of incomparable worth. Which is one reason a diamond remains among the most costly of precious gems. Yet, isn’t it worth it for the woman you love? A DIAMOND is forever.
Your left hand likes evenings at home. Your right hand loves a night out. Your left hand reads stories before bed. Your right hand lives a story worth reading. Women of the world, raise your right hand. The diamond right hand ring. View more at adiamondisforever.com.
Die Hard Express, only at Sears Auto Center. It's more that battery service, it's a check of your car's electrical system. We use the latest technology to diagnose the problem and if your car needs a new battery, we'll install a Die Hard, America's most preferred battery. Die Hard Express, only at Sears Auto Center. Sears, the good life, great price.
Introducing DIRECTV, an amazing breakthrough that turns your TV into a video store, where you can always get hit movies at the touch of a remote. Through a tiny satellite dish, only 18 inches wide, DIRECTV delivers tons of movies to choose from. The latest releases, well before they’re on the premium movie channels. Check out the affordable 18-inch RCA brand DSS dish and DIRECTV at your Consumer Electronics or Satellite TV dealer. Or call 1-800-353-4388 for the nearest authorized DIRECTV dealer.
Now, when you sign up for DIRECTV, get 3 months free of HBO, Cinemax, Showtime and more! Call today and ask how to receive a free DVD player along with free installation of a 4-room DIRECTV system! Call 1 888 364 6897
Come to Dirty Hands Garden Center for all your gardening needs. We carry hundreds of trees, shrubs and perennials, herbs, organics, garden art and accessories, and more! Visit us at 2603 Anderson Highway, off route 60-West just 7 minutes from Sycamore Square or on the web at dirtyhandsgardencenter.com. And remember: "Compost, because a rind is a terrible thing to waste."
Dockers Khakis. Women’s flat front. Men’s five pocket. From our premium collection.
Everything they wear deserves to be Downy.  It gently helps protect from fading for that irresistible look and comfy-soft feel.  That’s Downy Care.  Choose from Downy’s five fresh scents, including new lush, exotic Tropical Bloom.  Come on in to Downy Care.
So adorable. So great to wear. It could only be Downy Care. Come on in to Downy Care.
Home is a place where serenity and sweet dreams are connected by a flight of stairs. Welcome home! The Accents Francais Collection by Drexel Heritage. Now, style and quality are affordable. Call us at 1-800-916-1986 or visit our website drexelheritage.com.
Wow, all the excitement of bowling and three balls a frame! There’s nothing like it. DUCKPIN BOWLING gives you ten times the fun at the same low price as regular bowling ... and the ball’s so light, anyone can do it. So come on, let’s go. Bowling was never this great before.
Mother Nature. She can be mean. Wild. Even downright cranky. At Duluth Trading, our outerwear, born of nor’easters, blizzards and gale force winds is designed and tested by the tradesmen who wear it themselves. Because we know, when Nature’s a Mother, you’ll be out there…workin’ up a storm.
UnWet Your Pants!
Our new DRY ON THE FLY™ PANTS can handle water, sweat and humid, swamp-like situations.
Tough, lightweight 100% quick-dry, moisture-wicking nylon fabric keeps you cool and dry.
UPF 40 sun protection keeps burns at bay.
And the Crotch Gusset lets you squat without compressing your cohones.
Backed by our 100% No Bull Guarantee.
DRY ON THE FLY™ PANTS
From DuluthTrading.com
There’s a thin line between a mattress that’s worn in and one that’s worn out. Once you’ve crossed it, no amount of mattress flipping can help. Tossing and turning is punishment for turning your mattress instead of tossing it. It’s time to replace your mattress. It’s time to consider a DUX® Bed. Our models are handcrafted to last over 20 years. And you never have to flip them. Just visit Duxiana.com for details and turn your restless nights into restful ones.
Like many of us, James Dyson was frustrated with his vacuum’s lousy suction. 
James Dyson: "It sucks, but not in a good way"
So, he decided to develop his own. 
After testing over 5,000 prototypes, he created the first vacuum cleaner that doesn’t lose suction. And now, it’s here in America. So, come and see a Dyson today.
It’s the vacuum. Reinvented.
Like many of us, James Dyson was frustrated with his vacuum’s lousy suction. So, he decided to develop his own. After testing over 5,000 prototypes, he created the first vacuum cleaner that doesn’t lose suction. And now, it’s here in America. So, come and see a Dyson today. It’s the vacuum. Reinvented.For retailers near you, visit dyson.com
As the leaves begin to turn . . . so do our thoughts.  To brisk fall days.  And cool
autumn eves.  This fall, we’re all about living in layers.  The layers of your clothing
− and the layers of your life.  At Eddie Bauer, living in layers allows you to be comfortable indoors, outdoors, and in every aspect of your day.  It means easier transitions from work to lying low at home, or getting away on weekends.  The Eddie Bauer Autumn Collection.  When comfort is key.
Never confuse having a career with having a life. If you’d asked Eddie Bauer the meaning of life, he probably would’ve been too busy fishing to answer. Men and women who “have a life” -- or would if they only had a free moment -- may call for a nearby store or catalog of our time-tested clothing. 1-800-555-LIFE.
Eddie Bauer specialized in keeping people comfortable outdoors. But you can’t be comfortable if you’re afraid of getting dirty. Enter Seattle Suede: functional, durable, comfortable and extremely low maintenance. All the comfort and style of genuine suede leather minus the hassle of dry cleaning.
Eddie Bauer specialized in keeping people comfortable outdoors. But you can’t be comfortable if you’re afraid of getting dirty. Enter Seattle Suede: functional, durable, comfortable and extremely low maintenance. All the comfort and style of genuine suede leather minus the hassle of dry cleaning.
Eddie Bauer.  Continuing to keep people comfortable outdoors
The blue layer breaks down stubborn food stains. The white layer gently scrubs dishes till they shine. Electrasol tabs, the next dimension of clean.
Enter a new world of sound with Dolby Atmos. Bold... Moving... Immersive. Coming from all directions, the experience of Dolby Atmos is like nothing else. 
And now you can experience the multi-dimensional sound of Dolby Atmos on the go. 
It will completely transform how you hear movies and music ,…..and take you to an amazing new place,……where your entertainment comes alive.
With Dolby Atmos, you're on the inside. Clear and powerful sound now flows above and all around you - just like it does in real life. You hear exactly what the artists and filmmakers intended, and you feel the true impact of their work.
And because it’s mobile, the experience goes wherever you do, with any pair of headphones
Enveloped by every note, you don't just hear, you feel… everything. …… And miss nothing. 
Dolby Atmos.
Feel every dimension.
Ericsson lets you e-mail, fax, and surf the internet – without wires. So it works almost anywhere. Want to go wireless? Call 1-800-ERICSSON for the retailer near you.
(Beauty and brains.) Beauty outside, quality inside. One intelligent choice. The ESQ Centurion, with diamonds. Only $295. Available at Hecht's and Lord and Taylor department stores. ESQ Swiss.
Find everything you need for your perfect prom night at Estelle’s Dressy Dresses in Long Island. You’ll find hundreds of memorable dressy dresses and a whole lot more. Our friendly staff will make sure you are looking great on your special night. From shoes to accessories, Estelle’s is your one-stop prom shop. Come visit our sprawling mega-store located on Route 110 in Farmingdale. Call 631-420-8090.
The perfect interior ... one that fits your lifestyle best, blending the elements that express your taste and personality. An ETHAN ALLEN trained professional designer can create the ideal setting for your home. Call one of our Studios of Interior Design in Danbury, White Plains, Glenbrook, or Northport.
Experience the new Ethan Allen and discover a blend of classic and modern styles. And now, with 6 months- no payments and no interest, there’s no reason to wait! Ethan Allen. Classic design.
Dressing down can mean dressing up a little. Or a lot. Either way, it’s a breeze at Fair Oaks Shopping Mall. Because our 48 women’s specialty stores keep you covered from head to toe. Clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories. To give you the looks you want. And second glances, if you want them. Look pretty. Look hip. And look how easy it all is at FAIR OAKS SHOPPING MALL.
So the movers are gone and here I am in my house. I remember when my folks took my sister and me to Fairfield Furniture -- so we could help pick out the good furniture. Well, I’ve got my mansion now. It might not be the Emperor’s Palace, but the furniture is from Fairfield Furniture and that’s close enough for me.
Hey, the secret’s out ... The Fairfield Mall is open and ready to invite you to a whole new world of shopping. This Saturday -- opening day -- music and celebration all day long, balloons for the kids, and dancing after dark. THE FAIRFIELD MALL is pulling out all the stops to show you how much fun shopping can be. So be there on Saturday, June 14th.
Yesterday, my daughter said she’d die if she didn’t get these new shoes everyone’s wearing. Well, if it wasn’t for Fayva, we’d have lost a daughter. See, at Fayva, I can afford to keep up with the latest craze, because they don’t go crazy with the prices. Now she says she can’t live without a new pair of jeans. Oh well -- we’ll miss her. FAYVA SHOE STORE -- You could pay more, but why?
Dave in Burlington, North Carolina writes:
“I was in a motorcycle accident and skidded at least a dozen yards. Your Fire Hose Jeans took a beating but did not rip or tear. They saved me from serious pain and injury!”
Now, we don’t recommend goin’ all Evel Knievel like Dave, but it just shows ya what a beating these rugged pants can take.
Brawny Fire Hose cotton canvas, prewashed for immediate broken-in comfort.
Fire Hose® Jeans from Duluth Trading Company. So tough, they kick asphalt.
____________________
script by jamesromick
Dave in Burlington, North Carolina writes:
“I was in a motorcycle accident, skidding at least a dozen yards. Your Fire Hose Jeans took a beating but didn’t rip or tear. They saved me from serious pain and injury!”
We don’t recommend goin’ all Evel Knievel like Dave, but see what a beating these rugged pants can take.
Brawny Fire Hose cotton canvas, prewashed for instant broken-in comfort.
Fire Hose® Jeans from Duluth Trading Company.  So tough, they kick asphalt.
My kids are do-it-yourselfers by nature. That’s why the Fisher Price Action Workshop and Action Tools are designed like the real thing. For hours of constructive behavior with tools so realistic, do-it-yourselfers feel like they really are doing it themselves. FISHER PRICE ACTION TOOLS AND ACTION WORKSHOP ... it’s all in a day’s fun.
FootSmart. Health, wellness and comfort solutions for your feet & lower body. You’ll find effective ways to help relieve aches and pains related to improper movement, poor circulation, weakened joints, and overworked legs, knees, ankles and feet. Shop confidently and begin to move comfortably again. To get our free catalog or to place an order, call 1-800-870-7149. Or shop online at FootSmart.com.
Capture those best moments of your life, all over again ... with Fotomat’s goof-proof, color-sharp developing system, and drive right up to one of our many convenient drive-thru express windows. Two hours later, your pictures are ready, and we’ll even give you an extra set of prints for just half of the original price. Buy your film and develop it right -- at FOTOMAT. We’re picture perfect!
You wouldn't wear a man's shoe...so why wear his sock? For years, sport socks have been made to fit one foot shape: a man's. Fox River has changed all that. Fox River for Women socks are uniquely designed with a rounded toe area and flex-stretch heels to fit our feet. "No-feel" toe seams provide luxurious comfort. Extra-soft performance fibers wick moisture to keep feet dry. Stop wearing socks made for men. Fox River offers exceptional fit in a variety of sport-specific styles. FoxRiver...clever engineering you can feel.
This Swiss are known for a few beautiful, quality products: watches, chocolate, and those odd long horns that they play in the Alps. Of course, the Swiss produce many more quality products than these, like the kitchen sink. The unique kitchen sink, by Franke. With great design, great materials and great craftsmanship, it can accommodate anything you might want to put in it ... except perhaps one of those odd long horns they play in the mountains. Get to know Swiss quality everyday in your home -- with a quality, gorgeous new sink by Franke.
The Swiss are known for some beautiful, quality products: watches, chocolate, and those odd long horns that they play in the Alps. Of course, the Swiss also produce the unique kitchen sink by Franke. With great design, great materials and great craftsmanship, it can accommodate anything you might want to put in it ... except perhaps one of those odd long horns they play in the Alps. Get to know Swiss quality everyday in your home -- with a quality, gorgeous new sink by Franke.
The Swiss are known for some beautiful, quality products: watches, chocolate, and those odd long horns they play in the Alps. The Swiss also produce the unique kitchen sink by Franke. With great design, great materials and great craftsmanship, it can accommodate most anything....except perhaps one of those odd long horns they play in the Alps. Get to know Swiss quality everyday in your home -- with a gorgeous new sink by Franke.
My wife and I have been thinking about retirement for a while. It's scary - I mean, we've put away some money, but not enough to cover us in case of an accident. Then I heard about Franklin Life Insurance. For only a dollar a day, I'm fully covered in case of an accident. Pick up your phone and call Franklin Life Insurance at 1-800-454-2154
Stand back in amazement as your cat brushes his own teeth. New Friskies Dental Diet helps maintain your cat’s dental health with every bite. So now you can help give your cat the dental care he needs and the taste he loves. Now that’s news to chew on. Friskies Dental Diet. Bring out the frisky in your cat.
Introducing the only dry cat food made with real Carnation milk. New Friskies Feline Favorites. Four of her favorite flavors in one healthy meal – chicken, seafood, liver and real carnation milk. Ideal for every meal, every day. Delicious and nutritious. Friskies Feline Favorites. From Purina.
“Full-figured” and “fashion.” For years, they wouldn’t share a sentence. Now they’re sharing an underwear drawer. Tailored expressly to flatter full figures while keeping the focus on comfort. Fruit of the Loom’s Fit For Me combines curve friendly fashion with a fresh sense of style. Briefs bikinis and hi-cuts feature generous waistbands, softer openings, and the all-too-rare ability to stay put without squeezing. Look to Fit For Me for better fitting bras as well. Fit For Me by Fruit of the Loom.
Do you know someone who deserves a sweet surprise? Send the FTD Sweet Surprise Bouquet. It’s fresh flowers and M&M candies in a colorful M&M’s bowl. For birthdays, thank-yous, or just because, order the Sweet Surprise Bouquet -- a fun way to share just about any sentiment!
Has someone special stolen your heart? Send the FTD Treasured Memories Bouquet. A bright bouquet of fresh, fragrant flowers, it’s a romantic way to show how much you care, on Valentine’s Day and every day. Send your valentine your message of love with the FTD Treasured Memories Bouquet.
A surprise gift of flowers says so much! Your professional FTD florist has an arrangement for every sentiment! Say thanks-a-bunch, give a big hug, welcome a new bundle of joy, or lift someone’s spirits! Send a birthday greeting or a get well wish. There’s always a reason to show you care. Call to order a bright bouquet of flowers today!
Wish you could add a little something to your photographs? Buy any Gateway Select PC, and get a free color printer and a JamCard digital camera. Call 1-800-gateway.
Gateway's got the hottest shot in digital photography. It's our 5 mega-pixel T-50 and it's just been named Best Digital Camera by Best Magazine. That's right, out of all digital cameras, a Gateway is at the top-and you can get one now for Just 299.99. So call today to get your award-winning digital camera at an incredible price.
It's a cleaner, greener power machine. The H System turbine from GE is designed to produce more power for more people. But, for every unit of that power, it will use less fuel and produce fewer greenhouse gas emissions compared to other large gas turbines. No wonder, in the power industry, it's generating so much excitement. To learn more visit ge.com. GE, imagination at work.
Now doctors can look inside the brain with a new 4D precision to perform life-saving procedures that used to be impossible. The new Instatrak from GE is a true medical breakthrough in image-guided surgery. You don't have to be a brain surgeon to see why. To learn more, visit us at geinstatrak.com
Believe it or not, this is your lucky day. The day your hospital got its revolutionary new GE Light-Speed Scanner. In an emergency, it’s the worlds fastest. Yesterday, it would take 20 minutes to scan your injuries. Today, it takes about 30 seconds. With images that are more useful than ever before. GE Light-Speed. Does your hospital have one?
What happens when style and intelligence spend time together? You get the GE Profile refrigerator. The freezer’s on the bottom. The refrigerator’s on the top. So the design isn’t just easy on the eyes, it makes all of your fresh food easy to see and reach. On the technical side, it has advanced features like multiple electronic sensors and a multiflow air system to help keep food fresher longer. Why not let your local GE Profile dealer arrange a marriage like this in your kitchen? GE Profile - imagination at work
GE Profile Kitchen – True love is a GE Profile kitchen. Contemporary beauty is united with easy-to-use electronic controls and sensors. But at GE Profile, they fall in love and make incredible kitchens together. GE Imagination at work.
When style and intelligence spend time together you get the GE Profile refrigerator…freezer on the bottom….refrigerator on the top.  Easy on the eyes  it makes all of your fresh food easy to see and reach.  It has advanced features like multiple electronic sensors and a multi-flow air system to help keep food fresher longer.  Let your GE Profile dealer arrange a marriage like this in your kitchen.  GE Profile - imagination at work.
When style and intelligence spend time together you get the GE Profile refrigerator…freezer on the bottom….refrigerator on the top. It makes all of your fresh food easy to see and reach. With advanced features like multiple electronic sensors and a multi-flow air system it keeps food fresher longer. Let your GE Profile dealer arrange a marriage like this in your kitchen. GE Profile - imagination at work.
Leave it to Gerber to design a perfect cup for every development stage. Each is sized and shaped just right to be easy to handle, fun to hold, and thanks to the patented valve-spill proof!
Don’t just shave. Throw your legs a tea party. Gillette’s New Satin Care Green Tea Shave Gel. It¹s exotic re-energizing fragrance has moisture rich skin nourishing vitamins that leave legs feeling soft and satiny smooth. Legs love Satin.
Introducing the New Gillette Fusion Pro Glide Power Razor.
Turns shaving into gliding.
The Fusion Pro Glide razor is the most advanced blade ever.
Thinner, finer blades with a low resistance coating.  
A close shave with little effort through hair for less tug and pull.
Try the new Gillette Fusion Pro Glide today.
And after one shave, you'll stop shaving and start gliding.
Gillette the best a man can get.
Introducing Gillette MACH3. The first triple-blade razor. For the closest shave ever in fewer strokes -- with less irritation. Three blades. Fewer strokes. Less irritation. Gillette. The best a man can get.
G-Force. Experience it. The new Gillette Mach3 Turbo G-Force. Total comfort even against the grain. And a bold new look and feel. Gillette. The best a man can get.
In tests against the leading triple-blade disposable, more men choose Gillette Sensor3. It’s the only disposable razor with three spring-mounted Sensor blades to adjust to every curve of your face. Plus a unique non-slip handle for better control. And a strip of Aloe for extra lubrication. Sensor3 – The Best Disposable Razor You Ever Threw Away.Gillette – The best a man can get.
The only difference between these tomatoes and…these tomatoes is the Glad Bag. Don’t get mad…get GLAD.
New Glade Fragrant Mist provides premium home fragrancing in an attractive spray bottle designed to blend with any home decor. Fine home fragrances, raised to an art form.
Three spellbinding fragrances. One enchanting candle. New Glade 3-in-1 pillar candles. Because three scents are better than one Glade 3 in 1 candles by Johnson – a family company!
Just because your passenger stinks, doesn't mean your car has to. A little reminder from Glade auto scented oil. The clip-to-your-vent air freshener for your car.
The proof is in the puff. Introducing Glade Wisp the first automatic air freshener you can actually see working. It's battery powered so you can place it anywhere. And it's clean, fresh fragrance never fades.
For over thirty years Spencer Gift has been the world's leader in Blacklight and Glow-in-the-dark merchandise. This Christmas, we will be freshening up your assortment with these new items. Inflatables continue to be very popular with our customers and we will offer three new designs in time for Christmas. A Glow-In-The-Dark Contempo Chair and two new Iridescent Designs in pink and blue, all at $39.99. The room decor area will be expanded with fun lamps. The Silver Mirror Ball Lamp with Laser Design shade for $19.99 and the Virtual Space Lamp for $39.99. Other new Blacklight responsive products include Plush Mobiles at $12.99, Glow Starblast and Rainbow Jumbo Gift-sets both at $19.99.
Does peace of mind have a name? Can confidence and trust be summed up in one word? Can innovation really mean security? In 90 manufacturing centers in 27 countries, Goodyear scientists and engineers are working every day to answer those questions. And to ensure that your family is riding on the safest, most durable tires we can make. Peace of mind does have a name – it’s Goodyear.
Whether you've got one left foot or two, Gotta Dance Studios gets them both moving. From ballroom to ballet, our teachers are trained to train the untrained - and to love it. We know that everybody gotta dance, and we need every body -- every shape, every size, every age -- all bodies to come on down to Gotta Dance and dance. and bring both left feet. Classes start every week. Gotta Dance Studio.
Script submitted by raimondot@lvcoxmail.com
God has promised each of us that when we need Him most, His angel - our own special guardian angel - will be there to help and comfort us. That’s what you can be to our kids … a wonderful and precious angel of mercy who is there for them in their time of need. And that’s why I want you to have this beautiful pin, with my thanks. To remind you of all that you give these kids. And of all you mean to me. I never stop praying for you, or thanking God for you!
You could spend years familiarizing yourself with the idiosyncrasies of Miami culture, or you can simply sport an authentic CP+B Guayabera. Internationally recognized for its comfort and practicality, the Guayabera is the ultimate blend of tradition, heritage and cotton. Its stylish embroidery and 4-pocket design is the perfect accent to any subtropical wardrobe, so order yours today!
When you've played a guitar for years, every scratch, ding, and worn-down fret means something. The places you've been, the songs you've sung, the people you've shared your music with. That's what a Guild is all about. Made to be played. Guild Guitars.
After years of rather arrogant indifference your wife’s cat suddenly likes laying in your lap. Possibly the only downside to extremely soft pants. The Ultimate Pant by Haggar. Buy them. Love them. You’ll find a full selection of Haggar Pants at JC Penney.
You probably don't want to hear this commercial. Heck, we're not living in a fantasy land. As soon as that music stops and the commercials start, you turn the dial faster than the bathroom door knob after three cups of coffee. That's just the way it is. And we know it. But it's that same uncanny ability to grasp reality that helped us develop our new line of greeting cards. Fresh Ink from Hallmark. Hallmark Fresh Ink is as real, funny and quirky as life itself. So, pick up a few Hallmark Fresh Ink cards for friends at your nearest Dominick's, and say something real. That is, if you haven't already changed the station.
You probably don't want to hear this commercial. Heck, we're not living in a fantasy land.   When the music stops and the commercials start, you turn the dial faster than the bathroom door knob after three cups of coffee. We know that’s the way it is.  It's that same ability to grasp reality that helped us develop Fresh Ink from Hallmark.  Fresh Ink is as real, funny and quirky as life itself. So, pick up a few Hallmark Fresh Ink cards, and say something real.  That is, if you haven't already changed the station.
The Hallmark jingle bear, only $5.95 when you buy three cards. Where? Only at Hallmark Gold Crown. Imagine what's in store.
When designing our New Hanes Classics T-shirts, we started from scratch, literally. Those itchy neck tags have been replaced with ComfortSeal labels that are printed directly on the fabric. So the only thing you feel is Supersoft 100% ring-spun cotton. And it doesn't get much softer than that. Try the full line of Hanes Classics men's underwear, and experience the ultimate in comfort.
Women are taking Hanes Her Way places we've never been before. Tonight, we'll ask the babysitter to stay late. We'll celebrate ten-year anniversaries, and very first jobs. Tonight, we'll stop him dead in his tracks. The new Body Creations Collection, from Hanes Her Way. Where will you take us?
Play three sets of tennis. Take two aerobic classes. Or just watch someone else do it. The Hanes Sport bra collection has three different styles that offer you support - no matter what your activity.
I just discovered the most amazing store on the Post Road in Stratford. It’s called Hardware Plus. This is no ordinary hardware store. Hardware Plus is an honest-to-goodness factory outlet. So, not only are the prices and selection incredible, but the people who work there really know hardware. I never get that kind of know-how and service at those warehouse-type home centers or so-called “clubs”. It’s even easy to get to -- right off Exit 59 of the Connecticut Turnpike. HARDWARE PLUS -- You’ll see the difference.
I just discovered the most amazing store on the Post Road in Stratford. Hardware Plus. No ordinary hardware store, Hardware Plus is an honest-to-goodness factory outlet with  incredible prices and selection.  The people who work there really know hardware. I never get that kind of know-how and service at those warehouse-type home centers or so-called “clubs”. Easy to get to…right off Exit 59 of the Connecticut Turnpike. HARDWARE PLUS -- You’ll see the difference.
With HealthyHues paints form HealthyHome, we didn't worry about the toxic chemicals and odors from most other paints. We painted today, and now it's relaxation time - with no headaches, itching eyes, no fumes. And it was easy to use. We trust HealthyHues paints. You should too.
Next time you plan a quiet, low stress evening at home, why settle for candle-light when you can just as easily have firelight -- with a HearthSide Fire Log. Clean-burning fire with no more fuss than it takes to light a candle. And feel the stress melt away. HearthSide Fire Log...put a little hearth in your fire!
A soft kiss. Whispered secrets. Stories told into the blaze of a roaring fire. This moment is perfect. The right fireplace can warm more than just the room. Heat -n-Glo warms the hands and the heart.
Get ready for Hechts “Veterans Day Sale” – For 3 days only get savings up to 60 % off. You’ll find clothes, shoes, jewelry and more – for so much less! Get an extra 15% off when you use your special savings coupons. What are you waiting for – head on down to Hechts where the savings are unbelievable!
Has the overpowering smell of scented garbage bags taken over your kitchen?   Some bags mask odors with other odors.  Hefty Bags with Unscented Odorblock Technology help neutralize odors with no added scent.
Why spend all day fishing on the internet for a rental car when you could go to Hertz.com? Just click to get great rates and special offers. With Hertz.com there's no fishing. At Hertz, we know exactly how you feel so we have exactly what you need.
The prospective client does not see your extensive experience, or your tailored suit. They see streaks running across your illegible proposal. If you’re not using HP toner, you’re not getting HP printing. The new HP LaserJet Ultraprecise toner cartridge. How you look can depend on how you look on paper. Hewlett Packard. Expanding Possibilities.
The gap between cutting edge technology and state of the art design has just become a lot more narrow. Introducing the Hitachi Digital Projection TV.
We're inspired by the human side of data. Hitachi. Inspire the next.
The Home Depot is more than a store. It's all the incentive you need this President's Day weekend to make it happen at home. Where you can get no payments and no interest for 12 months on any purchase store-wide of $299 or more. Just use your Home Depot or Expo credit card. Whether it's flooring, blinds, or name brand appliances, The Home Depot has everything you need to make a long weekend a productive one. The Home Depot. You can do it. We can help.
The Home Depot is more than a store. It's the opportunity to take a walk on a brand new floor or cook up a whole new kitchen. Cause right now you'll get no payments, no interest for a whole year with any purchase storewide of $299 or more. Just use your Home Depot or Expo Consumers credit card. Whatever the project , you can make it happen at home this long weekend. With Zero percent financing and no payments at all for a full year. The Home Depot. You can do it. We can help.
The Home Depot is more than a store. It's the opportunity to take a walk on a brand new floor or cook up a whole new kitchen. Because right now you'll get no payments, no interest for a whole year with any purchase storewide of $299 or more. Just use your Home Depot or Expo Consumers credit card. Whatever the project , you can make it happen at home this long weekend. With Zero percent financing and no payments at all for a full year. The Home Depot. You can do it. We can help.
It’s a dirty shame… You almost have to PUMP IRON just so you can push your vacuum. Until now. Introducing the Self Propelled WindTunnel Bagless by Hoover -Now WindTunnel Technology pushes cleaning to the limit, while you hardly push at all. In fact, the Self Propelled WindTunnel Bagless picks up more dirt than any other upright... period! It has other strengths, too. Like the convenience of being bagless. And a Powered Hand Tool for cleaning stairs and furniture.
We’re rolling out the ultimate deep cleaning machine with seven rotating brushes. Only Ultra gives you a five-brush rotating head technology and separate powered hand tool with two more brushes for stairs and upholstery. Nobody else has anything like it. Hoover SteamVac Ultra with powered hand tool. No family should be without one.
Attractive, reliable, powerful vacuum cleaner seeks closet to share. Will keep your place cleaner than you’d ever imagine in exchange for a place to stay. Call Hoover Vacuum Cleaners at 1-800-555-3435, for the best housemate you’ve ever had. I’m rated Number One. Don’t miss an opportunity for a relationship that could last a lifetime. We could experience true clean living -- together. Call me -- Hoover. Attachments optional, but desirable. HOOVER VACUUM CLEANERS. Clean living. Forever.
Important moments should be remembered always. The gift of a finely crafted Howard Miller clock will bring back the memories again and again. Share the moment...with a Howard Miller clock.
The best parties all have that personal touch. And what's more personal than your face? With the new HP Party Planning Pack, your PC and inkjet printer, you can create and print fun party projects, like the PicturePerfect Party, for practically any occasion.
You are the photographer. You are the photo lab. With the new HP Pavilion Notebook PC. Powered by the Intel Pentium 4 processor. It comes with wide screen display and HP image zone software. The fun easy way to organize, enter and share your photos. Only from HP. All for just 999 after rebates. Call now and for a limited time get a free hard drive upgrade and free shipping. The future of photography is bright.
Light comes and light goes, it doesn't care about your photography. That's why there's the HP Photosmart 945 digital camera. It comes with HPs exclusive Adaptive Lighting Technology. Which means you can expect crisp, sharp pictures in even high contrast lighting conditions.
No film. No developing. Keep only the pictures you want, and delete the rest. Digital images from HP. Make them, share them, store them, invent.
This holiday season, forget decking the halls. Why not deck the windows? Hunter Douglas Window Fashions can warm up your home for the holidays. No matter what your style, Victorian or Southwestern, Colonial or Contemporary, Hunter Douglas has the right shades and blinds for you. Visit our website at www.hunterdouglas.com for helpful decorating ideas or call: 1-800-486-8373 for participating dealers near you. Hunter Douglas Window Fashions.
Springdale it is!
Springdale eh! Well, you could take the old road, 80 miles of treacherous, unstable track, up widow makers’ creek, through the forest of the damned and over dead man’s gap! Or, you could take the new road.
VO: Who makes the IX35 Series 2, an SUV that feels tough enough to handle anything? We do. Hyundai!
It's time to wear the pants.
Dockers.
Contributed by Richurd
Forget dog years. Start thinking in Iams Years. It just doesn't seem fair that dogs age 7 times faster than we do. So at Iams, we developed our formula to reduce an effect of aging on your dog. Feeding him Iams every day will help manage his blood sugar for a more youthful metabolism, to help him stay healthier for longer. Wouldn't you want Iams Years for the life of your dog? Contact us at iams.com or 1-800-525-IAMS.
Like many people, you may have discovered that your place to do business is right in your own backyard. The IBM PS/1 is perfect for you. It runs the software small businesses need. The PS/1 is expandable, so it can grow as your business grows, even outside your home. And because it’s from IBM, it’s compatible with most business computers. But the PS/1 fits into your life, as well. It’s remarkably easy to set up and use. Best of all, it comes with the service and support you can only expect from IBM.
Like many people, you may have discovered that your place to do business is right in your own backyard. The IBM PS/1 is perfect for you. It runs the software small businesses need. The PS/1 is expandable, so it can grow as your business grows, even outside your home. And because it’s from IBM, it’s compatible with most business computers. The PS/1 fits into your life, too. It’s remarkably easy to set up and use. Best of all, it comes with the service and support you can only expect from IBM.
At Ikea, we are obsessed with keeping things flat. We make most of our furniture so that it can be flat packed. Our storage and transportation costs are much lower because we don't transport air. And, because we get big discounts that we can pass on to you. IKEA now in Paramus and Long Island.
Now that iMac has brought the internet into millions of homes, the question is, do you change your decor to match your iMac, or do you change your iMac to match your decor? That's the conundrum.
It does the Internet. It does digital music. It does digital movies. It does digital photography. It burns CDs and DVDs. It even runs Microsoft Office. And because its flat screen effortlessly adjusts to any position you want, it does it all more personally than any other personal computer in the world. The new iMac. Starting at $1299.
What's the most amazing thing you ever saw ?
 Was it something big or something small ?
 Something old or something new ?
 Maybe ... just maybe it's something you haven't seen yet ?
 The second generation of Intel Core Processors .
 Stunning visuals. Intelligent performance.
 This is visibly smart.
No place on earth can bring relaxation unless you know there’s peace at the office. Introducing the world’s first handheld global satellite phone and paging network. Now your wireless service can cover the earth. Iridium. Calling Planet Earth.
Classic horseman’s duster protects you, your rump, your saddle, and your legs down to the ankles. Because it’s cut very long to do the job, it’s unintentionally very flattering. With or without a horse. Although I live in horse country, I wear this coat for other reasons. Because they don’t make Duesenbergs anymore.
JC Penney is pleased to announce a radical innovation for your home. The first wrinkle-free, 100% cotton sheets by Classic Traditions. Their special design allows them to fit today’s fuller mattresses. Just look for wrinkle-free sheets and a whole lot more. Right now, during the JC PENNEY White Sale, where you’ll uncover great savings on almost everything for your home.
A classic never goes out of style, but that doesn’t mean you can’t add more style to a classic. Introducing Hunt Club’s new fall line for men and women. Casual classics with contemporary style.. Like our crisp cotton pants in rich autumn hues and our twill riding jacket with a more refined silhouette. Hunt Club for fall exclusively at JC Penney. Where the classic have never had more style.
There are six words a woman wants to hear. It’s the JC Penny Annual Jewelry sale!
Sweeten your holidays with free chocolates, and 20, 25 or 30 percent savings store wide at the JC Penney’s sweet sale, Saturday only. Arrive early to find out what’s behind your wrapper. It’s all inside, unwrap the magic. JC Penney.
Your brain has 2 sides. The right side: creative, buys things, has fun. The left side: organized, practical, saves money. Now JC Penney makes both sides happy. It's the buy more, save more sale. It's simple, the more you buy, the more you save. 20 to 30%. So use your head. Buy more. Save more. Only at JC Penney.
Time to appreciate dad! With a JC Penney Father’s Day Sale. Save on all sports shirts, including the St. John’s Bay Classic Polo, 2 for $20. He can never have too many. JC PENNEY.
JC Penney’s Salon Highlight Sale! Save 10% off all highlight services and lighten up just in time for a new season.  Brighten up your look with the dazzling affect of professional highlights from the JC Penney’s salon experts.  Call 1-800-542-5565 to find a salon near you today!
Don't miss JCP Cash this Friday and Saturday at JC Penney.
You'll get ten dollars off on the spot when you spend fifty.  Unlike other stores, we don't make you come back to save.  Earn JCP Cash on the spot and use your savings on these amazing doorbusters: Worthington, St. Joh's Bay and Arizona for her, 50% off.  Get 60% off St. John's Bay sweaters for him, plus all family outerwear 60% off.  And our best bras just are just $16.99.  Go to jcp.com to see everything on sale.
New look. New day.  Who knew.  JC Penney.
A collection so Paris, Milan and the New York Strip. With its award-winning flush design and appealing features, the Jenn-Air Expressions Collection is perfect for those who appreciate great style as well as great cooking.
JET makes all of its woodworking machines with the enthusiast in mind. Designed to allow woodworkers to do more in their shops, these tools are engineered with features that bring out the best work in every woodworker. From Drill Presses to Table Saws and everything in between, JET has the full line of tools that you want in your shop!
Perhaps you’ve been fortunate enough to find the right person to spend your life with. You may have even purchased a home together, and endured the trials of parenthood. And if you’re lucky, she is still your very best friend. Maybe on your anniversary she expects nothing more than a card and dinner, and maybe that’s why she deserves a diamond. A gift of diamond jewelry from Jewelry Designs on her anniversary. Ahhh…maybe she married the greatest guy around.
Save up to 80 percent by buying factory direct at the Jewelry Source in Fort Lee. Diamond Tennis bracelets are just $200 per carat. Diamond studs are $400 per carat. Anniversary bands are also just $400 per carat. The Jewelry Source imports their diamonds direct from site holders, and is the leading manufacturer of semi-mounts, anniversary bands, earrings, tennis bracelets, and invisible settings. Only the Jewelry Source gives you both a low price and double value guarantee. That’s the Jewelry Source in Fort Lee. (201) 302-9700.
How do I love you? I love the way your eyes smile when you laugh.  I love the way you always finish my sentences. I love the way you’re not embarrassed when you cry at movies.  You are not like me.  You are so special.  You are the love of my life.  I love the way that no matter what I give you, you always treasure it.  Well, this year, my Love, will be one you won’t soon forget.  You see, I went to MIKE SELTZER JEWELERS.  I told him I wanted an heirloom piece; something really nice, in white gold, with diamonds, that you could pass down to our daughter.  He created it, just like I had in my head.  I never thought I could afford custom jewelry, but Mike made it easy and worked with me.  This Valentine’s Day is going to be different.  THIS is the year you’ll never forget.  
ANNCR: MIKE SELTZER JEWELERS, 29-29 North Rock Road in the Comatara Center.  We have the perfect gift for any budget.
Introducing….. Johnson’s Buddies. A new line of bath products designed with the toddler in mind. Including Easy Comb shampoo – to help keep hair tangle-free. New Johnson’s Buddies. Bathtime made easier.
Johnson’s has come up with a bottle with a whole new twist. Johnson’s new Healthflow Twist-and-Lock is the only disposable bottle that helps you feed your baby in the semi-upright position, to help reduce the flow of fluid into the middle ear, which can help prevent ear infections. Johnson’s Healthflow Twist-and-Lock- it does what no other disposable bottle can do. The new Johnson’s Healthflow Twist-and-Lock.
Just a spoonful of Ultra Joy Dish Liquid & Antibacterial Hand Soap cleans a sinkful of dishes. That’s because Joy lasts so long. In fact, you’d need twice as much of your old liquid to soak through the toughest grease. Plus, it kills germs on hands. That’s one powerful little spoonful, and that’s the real Joy. Joy...the little spoonful that does a sinkful.
Introducing Feeling Beautiful new intimates from Just My Size. Featuring pretty panties and shoulder massage bras. Just My Size fits who you are.
To play with the world's best, you have to train. And train. And train. Ready for all that? Get serious. K-Swiss.
So, I’m just hanging out at home, ya know, watching the tube, when the phone rings. It’s my best friend reminding me that tomorrow’s Valentine’s Day!!! I feel the sweat begin to drip off my palms as I realize ... I’m dead!!! No money in my pocket, no gift in my hand!!! “Wooo,” says my friend. “Don’t sweat it -- check out Kay Jewelers. They have thousands of gifts to choose from that won’t dig deep into your pockets.” So, I say to myself ... Good thing for KAY JEWELERS ... Good thing for my friend.
What size Keds were you wearing when they stopped delivering milk, when you got too big to be carried, when your mother was the prettiest woman on earth? What size Keds will you be wearing when the first of your friends gets married? And, what size Keds will you be wearing when a woman walks on Mars? KEDS. Never stop growing.
Reaction. The new men’s fragrance from Kenneth Cole. Yours free with a $50 purchase at participating New York/New Jersey/New England Sports Authority.
Your family will know the holiday season is here by the magical aroma of ginger in your home. Savor those aromas and flavors by creating unforgettable gingersnap cookies. Or treat your family to our special store baked gingerbread men. For the perfect pairing, pick up some Gingerbread Coffee, a limited edition seasonal favorite. And for homemade holiday recipes, visit us online at kingsfoodmarkets.com. Find all of your holiday inspirations at Kings. Kings. Where Inspiration Strikes.
___________________
script by jamesromick
Kings brings you the magical aroma of ginger in your home for the holiday season. Savor delicious homemade gingersnap cookies. Or treat your family to our special store baked gingerbread men. Try our Gingerbread Coffee, a limited edition seasonal favorite. And for inspiring homemade holiday recipes, visit us online at kingsfoodmarkets.com. Kings. Where Inspiration Strikes.
Barbecues are corn on the cob, elbows on the table, and fire flies in a mason jar. And, there’s just one thing we want to change about yours. Improved Kingsford Charcoal. It cooks twice as fast as other charcoals and burns even longer. New Kingsford. It’s the only thing we’d change about your barbecue.
Perfect for race cars, downhill skiers, and kids learning to fly. KODAK MAX Versatility Plus film gives you clear, sharp pictures in all conditions, even fast action. So even if his childhood flies by, at least it won't all be a blur. Kodak. Share Moments. Share Life.
The ultra slim, ultra light ADVANTIX from KODAK. There's no place it won't fit in.
You finally captured the perfect smile. Now you can erase the 20 bad ones. The Kodak Digital Camera gives you an immediate preview of your pictures so you can save the ones you like, delete the ones you don’t. Simple computer connection, megapixel quality. The difference is KODAK digital. For more information visit us on the web at www.kodak.com or call 1-800-KODAK-22.
You finally captured the perfect smile. Now you can erase the 20 bad ones. The Kodak Digital Camera gives you an immediate preview of your pictures so you can save the ones you like, delete the ones you don’t. Simple computer connection, megapixel quality. The difference is KODAK Digital. For more information visit us on the web at kodak.com.  KODAK Digital for
your photos.
The ultra-slim, ultra-light, ultra simple Easy Share digital cameras. From Kodak.
I’m not into light meters. I’m not into lens filters. I just want to take a picture. Kodak’s maximum versatility film for better-looking pictures in sunlight, low light, action, or still. Kodak Gold Max. It’s all you need to know about film.
Few stories have captured our imagination like Sea Biscuit, and nothing captures the Spirit Of America like Kodak Black and White Film. Celebrating the moments... and the memories. Kodak is proud to share the inspiring true story of Sea Biscuit. Make any picture a classic with Kodak Black and White Film.
At L.L. Bean, it's easy to create the right bed for your dog. Start by choosing the right shape, fabric and size.
Fresh air. Blue sky over your head. And miles of river stretching in front of you. Everything you need for a great day outdoors. Of course, having the right gear and clothing doesn’t hurt either. Call L.L.Bean for your free 128-page Spring Sporting Catalog at 1-800-All-Bean.
How tough is it? We're talking back of the bus tough. Now our best-selling Deluxe Book Pack has comfier shoulder straps, zipper covers and more. The best news? We didn't change the price.
Don't you just cringe when you have to shop for a swimsuit? Seems like they're never exactly right. Like whoever designed them had some leggy supermodel in mind. Which is why Lands' End Swimwear is such a relief: it's made for real women, not fashion models.
Narrator: People used to ask me,
Person: Why do you always squint?
Narrator: But thanks to Lasik Eye Center, now they say:
Person: (silence)
Narrator: Ahhhh... hear that? They don't say anything, because I don't squint anymore!
So sexy, it’ll make you want to cheat on your sofa. The Camilla Chaise. Lazyboy, the new look of comfort.
For the first time, you may actually want to sit through all the credits. Lazyboy. The new look of comfort.
Okay moms, if you're like me, your kids…well, drive you crazy! "I'm bored," "Can we go to the movies?" "When's dad comin' home?" Well thank goodness Lego introduced CREATIVE BUILDER. It keeps kids occupied for hours, plus helps them gain creativity while teaching them to develop their skills. Lego, thank goodness.
My child has quite an imagination. His teachers say that some day he'll be doing great things. Right now, he's already an architect, a designer, an engineer...I think he's a creative genius...and thanks to Legos, the creative building toy, there's just no limit to what he can do. LEGOS... the creative diversion that helps develop a child's potential.
My kid has quite an imagination. His teachers say that some day he'll be doing great things. Right now, he's already an architect, a designer, an engineer...I think he's a creative genius...and thanks to Legos, the creative building toy, there's just no limit to what he can do. LEGOS... the creative diversion that helps develop any kid's potential.
From a video, so there are some gaps in time that are filled by visuals.
Once ... and once a year only ... Lenox sponsors its annual sale of fine china and crystal. Lenox China ... the choice of brides and admired hostesses, in traditional and contemporary patterns. So take advantage of this sale now ... and bring LENOX into your home.
Its Lenscrafter's best $99 offer ever! Right now get a complete pair of glasses with Dura Lens. The only scratchproof plastic lens for only $99 … the $99 Dura Lens Event. This one you don't want to miss. Offer ends December lst.
Helping people see is our calling. It’s what drives us all at Lens Crafters, the ability we have to give people better vision. We all feel that way. It’s who we really are as people. The smile that I get when people try on their glasses for the first time, that’s what it’s all about. Every hour, every day, we’re helping someone see.
Every year, Lens Crafters runs Gift of Sight missions to bring sight to needy people around the world. We change lives with these glasses and the more we collect, the more people we can help. Please bring us your used glasses today.
Some people buy the car of their dreams.  Others buy a car based on the deal they get.  During the Lexus golden opportunity sales event you can do both.  Lease the 2010 RX 350 for 499 a month for 36 months with 3699 due at signing.
Are you eating organic food and sleeping on a 'chemical' bed? Polyurethane, Styrofoam, polyester, dyes, fire retardants, recognized carcinogens. Why spend a third of your life sleeping in a chemical environment? Now you have a choice. Lifekind organic mattresses are made with the purest materials: 100% natural rubber (not chemical latex), padded with certified organic cotton and naturally safer wool. Lifekind organic mattresses and bedding are made in the only eco-mattress factory in America - no chemical products made here! Lifekind. Naturally safer products.
Do you find that you are frequently forgetting things? Is your memory just not what it used to be? Are you embarrassed when someone's name doesn't pop into your head as quickly as it used to?
Well have a pen or pencil ready so you can write down an important number. You'll be relieved to hear that there is a ground-breaking nutritional supplement that is designed just for someone like you.
It's called Lipogen PS Plus. Lipogen PS Plus contains important ingredients that have been granted a qualified Health Claim by the US Food and Drug Administration. Because of this amazing supplement, you'll no longer feel ashamed of your occassional lapses in memory or foucs. You'll be focused and confident with Lipogen PS Plus.
Lipogen is not available in stores. Get ready to write down a toll-free number so you can call and find out how you can get a free bottle - a one-month supply of Lipogen PS Plus with your order.
Every time you use your kitchen or bathroom sink, gunky stuff like soap, hair and grease can clog your drains. And as a plumber, I’ve seen first hand how gross clogged up drains can be. Now you can prevent this clogging with new Liquid-Plumr drain cleaner. Let LIQUID-PLUMR Build-up Remover drain cleaner clear your drains, so you don’t have to be grossed out.
The Literary Guild asks if this sounds like you: “I never read anymore, I used to read all the time.” Or, “I really wanted to read that book before the movie came out.” Sound familiar? Literary Guild makes it easy for you to come back to the pure pleasure of reading. When you become a member, you receive five books for only $2.00 -- that’s it. So never say, “I never read anymore,” again. Become a member of today’s LITERARY GUILD.
LL Bean clothing and gear have long been designed to help you cope with most every kind of climate, including the economic climate. This fall you’ll find remarkable values at LL Bean. Every item still made to last with our 100% guarantee of satisfaction. Call today for your free catalog.
For more than 20 years, L.L.Bean has taught fly fishing to beginning and experienced anglers. Our expert instructors provide hands-on, personal guidance to help you develop the skills you need to enjoy the sport of fly fishing for years to come. We’re committed to helping anglers of all abilities experience the timeless grace of casting a fly.
Fast. Easy. Secure. Discover thousands of products and helpful selection guides online at LLBean.com. You can also place an order online with our easy-to-use L.L.Bean Catalog Quickshop.
I
Is the local drain repairman under the sink in your kitchen unaware his moon-white fleshy dirriere is assaulting your eyes? It’s called: Plumber’s Butt. It can be shocking, but it doesn’t have to be this way. The Longtail T® Shirt from Duluth Trading Company has 3” extra shirt length that stays tucked in to prevent rear esposure. It might just be the best work tee anywhere. Available in Trim Fit and work-friendly Tradesman Fit.
II
Somewhere along the line, pants and plumbing were invented. Both were leaps forward for all mankind, but they yielded an unwelcome consequence: Plumber’s Butt. That’s why in 2002, we at Duluth Trading Company introduced a solution – the Longtail T® Shirt – in the cause of modesty and good taste. 3” extra shirt length now makes it possible for plumbers (and the rest of us) to bend over or crouch, and yet maintain comfort and dignity. Now that’s progress!
III
Need a bit more breathing room with that bull-like neck of yours? This Longtail T® V-Neck is the answer. It’s packed with work-friendly comfort, ruggedness and 3” of extra body length for embarrassment-free bending. And the resilient rib neck won’t sag on the job. 100% cotton long or short sleeve jersey exclusively from Duluth Trading Company.
“Soft, long and doesn’t show London… or France!” said DN from North Dakota. Our Longtail T® Shirts are 3” longer than typical tees to prevent belly-bearing and moon-shining. That means no “sneak cheeks” or ‘wisecracks” in the garden, on the job site or any other locale, for that matter. Sturdy-but-soft 100% cotton fabric that doesn’t stretch out, sag or cling.  Defend Your Back End. Longtail T® Shirts from Duluth Trading Company.
Yesterday, finding anything at a home improvement store meant searching for hours, getting dirty and lost. People accepted this. Today, there's Lowe's, and there's order in the world. The three-quarter inch bolts are where it says three-quarter inch bolts. Plumbing? Well, that's in plumbing. Friends, this is why logic makes sense. Lowe's. Improving home improvement.
Your  home, your ideas, and the freedom to express them. At Lowes we make it easy. With everything you need.  Lowes has top choice lumber, prime grade and center cut, with four clean sides for better building.  There’s a huge selection of professional grade building materials like roofing, siding and decking. At Lowes we have low prices every day, guaranteed. That's our promise. Lowes.  Improving  home improvement.
Your home, your ideas, and the freedom to express them. At Lowes we make it easy no matter what you plan to build. We have everything you need. Only Lowes has top choice lumber, prime grade and center cut, with four clean sides for better building. We also have a huge selection of professional grade building materials like roofing, siding and decking, and at Lowes we have low prices everyday, guaranteed, that's our promise. Lowes, improving home improvement.
LUXURY
:30
You wake up in your luxury bed, and slide out of your luxury sheets.
You get into your luxury shower, and dry off with your luxury towel.
You put on your luxury suit, and your luxury watch.
You grab your luxury coffee from your luxury coffee maker and add some luxury sugar.
You step out of your luxury house, and step into your luxury car.
which makes everything else seem ordinary.
The Audi RS7.
With jewel-eye LED headlights, and precision all-wheel steering.
It's Luxury. Taken to a whole new level.
Why is Lysol Spray the best way to help protect your family? Because of what it does: kills the cold bug in seconds... And what it doesn’t do: leaves the sticky film Clorox Spray does. That is why nothing beats Lysol.
Fact: Our wipes have built-in scrubbing fibers so you use less elbow grease. Nothing beats Orange Breeze Lysol Scrubbing Wipes. With built-in scrubbing fibers and the fresh scent of orange oil, our wipes clean better than Clorox Wipes. Life demands Lysol. That's a fact.
Sexy. Sheer. Luminous. Illuminate your legs and be beautiful, irresistibly sheer. Irresistibly you. SILKEN MIST. Nothing beats a great pair of L’EGGS.
At Macy’s, we believe style is more than a look or manner. It’s a way of doing business.  When you walk through our doors, you’ll discover special touches that make shopping truly a pleasure. You’ll find a relaxing shopping environment, filled with a tremendous selection of clothing, shoes, and accessories for the entire family. Visit us soon at Macy’s Downtown, Bellevue Square, Northgate, Southcenter, or Aurora Village.
At Macy’s, we believe style is more than a look or manner. It’s a way of doing business. That’s why when you walk through our doors, you’ll discover special touches that make shopping truly a pleasure. You’ll find a relaxing shopping environment, filled with a tremendous selection of clothing, shoes, and accessories for the entire family. Visit us soon at Macy’s Downtown, Bellevue Square, Northgate, Southcenter, or Aurora Village. MasterCard, Visa and American Express cards welcome.
It’s Macy’s Thanksgiving sale. Storewide savings for the whole family. All women’s coats and jackets...30-50 percent off. All men’s outerwear...25-50 percent off. And all kids’ jackets, hats, and gloves...up to 60 percent off. Macy’s Thanksgiving Sale. All you need for the holidays.
Friday and Saturday, during MACY’S Thanksgiving Sale. Shop early, from 7 a.m. to 11 .a.m. for sensational 4-hour specials. Coats and sweaters an extra 15 percent off, all men’s suits and sport coats, an extra 15 per cent off, boots for her an extra 15 percent off, six-carrot diamond bracelet, one thousand, four hundred eighty nine dollars. Jessica Sanders comforter sets, any size 29.99. Four hour specials, 7 a.m. to 11 .a.m Friday and Saturday, during MACY’S Thanksgiving Sale.
More people buy home furnishings from Marlo than any other furniture store in Washington. Why? Because Marlo has made quality home furnishings affordable for more than a million Washingtonians since 1955. Every Marlo showroom is set up in professionally decorated galleries, where you can view an entire collection of your favorite styles. We’ve designed complete room vignettes, tastefully accessorized so you can better see how the pieces may look in your home. Marlo Galleries. We’re eight stores in one!
More people buy home furnishings from Marlo than any other furniture store in Washington. Why? Since 1955 Marlo has made quality home furnishings affordable for more than a million Washingtonians.  Our professionally decorated galleries let you view an entire collection of your favorite styles. Complete room vignettes, tastefully accessorized make it easier to see how the pieces may look in your home. Marlo Galleries.   Eight stores in one!
At Marshall’s, fragrances that are never on sale at department stores are just $19.99, like Musk de Cartier, which is $55 in department stores. You’ll find Magie Noire, Dune, Bijan, and many more. Men’s fragrances are just $14.99. You’ll find Lagerfeld, Fahrenheit, and lots others. Special fragrances are on sale now at MARSHALL’S.
There’s nothing “every day” about the quality, style, and sheer beauty of Marvin Windows. That’s because each Marvin window is meticulously crafted with attention to detail and engineered to ensure solid, secure openings and closings. So whether you’re building your dream home or remodeling your existing home, Marvin can design a window to fit your vision and your budget. Go see the latest in custom-made Marvin windows and doors in natural interior and exterior settings at Rings End Lumber, and discover the unparalleled quality of Marvin windows and doors first hand. Ring’s End Lumber’s professional consultants will help you choose just the right windows and doors for your home. Let your imagination see the light of day. Visit the Marvin showroom at a Ring’s End location near you. In Darien, Bethel or New Milford, Connecticut, or Lewisborough New York. A trip to their place can do wonders for yours.
When planning your remodel, inspiration can strike at any time. And no matter your vision, Marvin can bring it to life. Combine style, colors, hardware and more with an energy efficiency solution that’s right for your home. Find your inspiration at myMarvin.com/Gallery, then add before and after photos of your own project to inspire others. MARVIN Windows and Doors. Built around you®.
There’s nothing “every day” about the quality, style, and sheer beauty of Marvin Windows. That’s because each Marvin window is meticulously crafted with attention to detail and engineered to ensure solid, secure openings and closings. So whether you’re building your dream home or remodeling your existing home, Marvin can design a window to fit your vision and your budget. Go see the latest in custom-made Marvin windows and doors in natural interior and exterior settings at Rings End Lumber, and discover the unparalleled quality of Marvin windows and doors first hand. Ring’s End Lumber’s professional consultants will help you choose just the right windows and doors for your home. Let your imagination see the light of day. Visit the Marvin showroom at a Ring’s End location near you.  A trip to their place can do wonders for yours.
Sophisticated fashion, unique gifts, distinctive home furnishings...it’s all here in a memorable shopping experience that’s full of surprises...featuring Neiman Marcus and including Filene’s Basement, plus 40 other fine shops and restaurants. Visit Mazza Gallerie, conveniently located on Wisconsin Avenue in the heart of Chevy Chase Shopping District. This holiday season...It’s simply Mazza!
Fat content. Calories. Vitamins. We all know what to look for in food. But what about lawn insecticides? Simple. Just look for the green MERIT icon on the bag. Merit insecticide is a breakthrough insecticide that works at lower concentrations. Hey, you’re paying attention to what keeps you healthy. Pay attention to what keeps your lawn healthy. MERIT. The lawn insecticide that’s easy to live with.
Since 1976, Michaels has designed millions of quality custom frames. With 70 new frame moldings and LED gallery lighting, now it’s even easier for you to find the perfect frame and showcase your cherished artwork. To see our newest styles, visit Michaels.com/CustomFraming. Michaels Custom Frame Shoppe. Your style. Your story. Your way.
The world has changed. So should the way you learn about it. Get the new Encarta Reference Suite this holiday and get your family up to speed. Get a $30 rebate when you buy the new Encarta Reference Suite 99. See stores for details. From Microsoft. Where do you want to go today?
Using steam cooking, convection cooking or a combination of the two, Miele’s  Combi-Steam Oven ensures genuine flavor, texture and color – no matter your menu choice. And with built-in MasterChef Gourmet programs, achieving the succulent results of authentic slow cooking has never been easier.
Miele’s Combi-Steam Oven…a true gourmet pairing.
(script by jamesromick)
To make the Minolta DiMAGE X small enough to go anyplace you go, we had to bend the rules of conventional optics. At a mere 3/4 inch thick, the X has a superb 6x zoom lens that goes from wide angle to telephoto without leaving the inside of the camera! Now you'll be able to take amazing pictures with eye-popping detail and clarity, where before you probably wouldn't even have taken a camera. DiMAGE X, fits your pocket and your life. Only from Minolta.
This weekend at Montgomery Ward, it’s our Red Tag Sale and Clearance with great savings throughout the store! In “Electric Avenue” all appliances are on sale, plus save up to three hundred dollars on selected electronics. In “Rooms and More”, furniture is on sale, plus take an extra ten per cent off, even on sale prices. And in “Auto Express”, you’ll find great values during our Any-Size, One-Price Tire Sale.
Jay-Z can’t get one. Trump can’t get one. Derek Jeter can’t get one. Are you one in a million? Million by Motorola.
It’s in the baby monitor that lets you see her as well as hear her. It’s what makes taking her temperature as easy as taking her picture--which it also helps you do. It’s even in her favorite teddy bear. Alas, it is nowhere near her poopy diapers. Digital DNA, from Motorola. It’s here.
Classic. Elegant. Legendary. Movado. The Movado Museum watch is recognized for it’s legendary dial design in museums around the world. And for it’s elegance on the wrist of the woman who wears it. We cordially invite you to view the new Museum Diamond Olympian, just one exceptional style from our superb collection of fine Movado timepieces for men and women.
Classic. Elegant. Legendary. Movado. The Movado Museum watch is recognized for its legendary dial design in museums around the world. And for its elegance on the wrist of the woman who wears it. We cordially invite you to view the new Museum Diamond Olympian, just one exceptional style from our superb collection of fine Movado timepieces for men and women.
Did you know there are five fresh ways to get the power and strength from Mr. Clean? To clean your whole home to a shine. Mr. Clean.
Now when you stumble out of bed with a million things to do, at least the coffee's ready. Mr. Coffee Elite Plus coffeemaker starts brewing whenever you say. You decide the night before, push a few buttons and go to bed. You'll wake up to a fresh, hot pot of steaming salvation. Now that's what we call a real eye-opener.
Client:		Mundo Tile
Version:	Central Texas – Austin
Length:	60 sec. Radio
Date:		07/13/2011
VO:	Texas is Great, and all the best is in Texas!
At Mundo Tile, we are proud to be Texan and we very excited to announce the Grand Opening of our new store in Austin!
We invite you to visit Mundo Tile’s store and warehouse in Austin and check out our huge inventory and great variety in ceramic tile, porcelain tile and laminate flooring all in stock and starting at 59 cts. a sqft. 
We also offer a beautiful selection of glass and stone pieces, travertine and much more!
Visit us today at 7521 N Lamar blvd. in Austin, just a few steps south from HWY 183
Remember… 7521 N. Lamar blvd in Austin.
And don’t forget to ask for your free standard mortar. Yes! For a limited time, with the purchase of your Tile, the standard  mortar is free! 
Don’t miss out our Huge Grand opening sale. And take advantage of our products starting at 59 cts. and the standard mortar free!
Mundo Tile
Big Savings. More Flooring 
Alternate ending:	Visit Mundo Tile, or find us at mundotile.com
Navigon. The only GPS devices with Reality View and Lifetime Traffic. Get from point A to B without a single F.
Sign up today and try Netflix for free.  Fee Shipping – both ways!  No late fees – Keep DVDs as long as you want!  Over 75,000 titles – classics to new releases to TV series!  Cancel anytime.   We are confident that you will agree with our 6 million members: Netflix is the best way to rent DVDs.
At New Age Health Spa, our focus is simple: That each of us has within ourselves, the knowledge and ability to live life as a balanced, healthy person. We provide the teaching, and environment that empowers you to regain and maintain excellent health. At NEW AGE HEALTH SPA, we offer Yoga, meditation, Tai-Chi, hiking, and our delicious natural cuisine.
I trade sweat for strength. I trade sleep for sunrises. I trade doubt for belief. I trade my walking for nothing. Achieve New Balance, Lady Foot Locker.
All your life you are told the things you cannot do. All your life they will say you’re not good enough or strong enough or talented enough. They’ll say you’re the wrong height or the wrong weight or the wrong type to play this or be this or achieve this. THEY WILL TELL YOU NO, a thousand times no- until all the no’s become meaningless. All your life they will tell you no, quite firmly and very quickly. They will tell you no. AND YOU WILL TELL THEM YES.
My butt is big and round like the letter C. And ten thousand lunges have made it rounder, but not smaller. And that’s just fine. And those who might scorn it, are invited to kiss it. Just Do It. Nike Women.
Blood and kevlar.
Toil and flywire.
Courage and carbon.
Gold and belief.
Become Epic.
I am lighter than air.
I am stronger than steel.
The great ones understand.
A gold trophy.
It means nothing.
It means everything.
Become epic.
Today I will:
Fight.
Hurt.
Dominate.
Love.
Try.
Try again.
Win.
Win.
Win.
Win again.
Win again.
Win again.
Become epic.
Welcome to the flagship of the Nikon D-SLR lineup - the astounding D4.
Engineered for professionals, the D4 features a 16.2 megapixel FX sensor, EXPEED 3 image processing, and a remarkable 10 frame per second image capture rate with full auto exposure and autofocus.
Add in full 1080p HD video with stereo sound; and ultra-rugged magnesium alloy body; and cutting edge exposure control and autofocus and you'll understand why the D4 is the choice of top photographers around the world.
The Nikon D4. Redefining expectations, so you can astonish with every assignment.
If something is missing from your daily life, you’re not alone. Millions of Americans lack the energy and stamina to pursue favorite activities or enjoy time with their family. But thanks to a NordicTrack exerciser, over 1.5 million Americans have discovered that our superior, total-body aerobic workout makes the difference in their lives. Discover how NordicTrack can change your life! Ask for your free video and brochure!
Job Description
Looking for commercial voice over for a black Friday commercial.
 Script
At NordicTrack we’re turning the lights on early for Black Friday this year.
 With Bikes starting at just $347, Ellipticals starting at just $547,
 And Treadmills starting at just $697.
 These deals won't last long, because when they are gone, they are gone.
 Special financing available for qualified buyers at zero-percent.
 Free shipping and up to 40 percent off on select models.
 Go to NordicTrack dot-com.
Sounds Like...
Professional And Executive
The gift of fragrance goes beyond a lingering loveliness – scent can actually alter a mood. Not only are you pleasing her senses, you may be contributing to an enhanced state of mind.
The most modern way to wear your hair is clean, soft and healthy. And that begins with the best shampoo. Why settle for garden-variety hair care when a handpicked selection is available at Nordstrom?
Soon, the days will be shorter. The temperatures, slightly cooler. Then, the sweaters come out. It’s a fall tradition. Setting a new standard for the classics we love, Norm Thompson has traveled the world for nearly 50 years in search of the best buys. They’re the essence of fall…the essence of Norm Thompson.
Putting. It’s a game within a game. One with many challenges, but few masters. It’s where three feet can feel like three miles. And where good days are separated from bad days by mere inches. It’s where muscle strength doesn’t matter, but mental strength does. And if you lose control of this game, this game controls you. Welcome to Odyssey. It’s time to even the score.
The tools are stowed, the truck is loaded and you’re ready to motor on home. That doesn’t mean you’re ready to speak in a higher octave, though. You still need room downstairs after the workday is done. You need the freedom that only Ballroom® Jeans can provide – in your off-hours too. They’re casual looking, but with dressier details suitable for heading into town or taking the missus out to dinner. Ballroom® Jeans. For Work and Beyond.
script by jamesromick
Some people think you need a big heavyweight camera to take big heavyweight pictures. Well, not anymore. The New Olympus OM-D. Small cameras, big pictures.
No painting or photograph can do justice to the late-day sun setting in the twilight sky. The western horizon blazes with ever-changing shades of gold and red. A moment of perfect silent reflection passes all too quickly. With 18K Sedna™ gold, OMEGA has created a watch whose red gold lustre – the result of an artful blend of gold, copper and palladium – is worthy of the most memorable sunset. This world premiere’s colour will sparkle vividly when a thousand sunsets have been forgotten.
Discover more about Sedna™ alloy at omegawatches.com/sedna.
You never thought you could become emotionally attached to a component? Then you've never owned one of ours. Onkyo. Imaginative sight and sound.
For immediate relief that soothes muscle pain right where you need it and lasts up to 8 hours, get Pain Patch by Mentholatum. Pain Patch. Relief that's right - here and now.
The Palm Zire 71 handheld. Perfect in so many ways. Only $299. For a limited time, get a free Palm MP3 Audio Kit, a 99$ value, with purchase. Visit palmOne.com/promotions.
Springtime every time you do dishes. Great scents. Great results. What a sensational way to clean. Palmolive - Tough on Grease, soft on hands.
Panasonic introduces DVD Time Slip. Our newest DVD video recorder has a unique Time Slip function that actually lets you watch the recorded portion of an ongoing show from the beginning-while continuing to record the same show still in progress. First we made DVD possible. Then portable. Now it gets really amazing. Panasonic.
I’m on the radio, so I can’t show you this Panasonic Palmcorder. But that’s okay! Once I tell you how incredibly small and lightweight it is, you won’t mind not seeing it. And with Power Zoom Lens, Full Range Auto Focus, Auto Tracking, and 17 more quality features -- the Panasonic Palmcorder is virtually invisible. PANASONIC PALMCORDER. You don’t even have to see it to believe it.
You never actually own a Patek Philippe.
You merely take care of it for the next generation.
Right now at Payless, when you buy one pair of sandals, you get the second pair at half off. All men’s, women’s and kids. The Payless Shoe Source, Buy A Pair – Get A Pair At Half Off Sandal Sale. Doesn’t it feel good to pay less?
So, how do you tighten your belt without feeling the pinch? Well, hurry on in to Payless Shoes for the “BUY ONE GET ONE HALF OFF” sale. Buy one pair of shoes and get the second pair for half off. Pick from every pair in the store. And at these low prices, buying more means saving more.
Payless shoe stores, with new smart fit technology, providing the cushioning, arch support, and room to grow we believe every child deserves.
We’ve got the gifts... You get the savings. Check your newspaper for our holiday circular filled with hundreds of sales specials. Get this Zenith DVD player for just $179. This Zenith 25” color T.V. is now only $199. Give a PC Richard & Son gift card. More styles to choose from.
It's easy to forget about those two little miracles in your head.  They supply a steady stream of emotion directly to your brain 24/7. And after awhile, you get used to all that giving.  It's time to stop taking your eyes for granted and take them to Pearle Vision.  Trust them to the neighborhood experts who have been caring for eyes, and the people behind the eyes for over 50 years. For a limited time, save 40% on two pairs of glasses or prescription sunglasses.  Pearle Vision.
It's easy for forget about those two little miracles in your head.  They supply a steady stream of emotion directly to your brain 24/7.  And after a while, you get used to all that giving.  It's time to stop taking your eyes for granted and take them to Pearle Vision.  Trust them to the neighborhood experts who have been caring for eyes, and the people behind the eyes for over 50 years.  For a limited time, save 40% on two pairs of glasses or prescription sunglasses.  Pearle Vision.
Hi, I'm Pecos Red, for Justin Boots. Ever heard the term: “All Hat and no cattle”?  That’s the problem with a lot of boots – I know.  Sounds weird; but the thing of it is that most boots don’t do the same things your feet do, like expand - and - contract when you take a step.
Most boots are rigid, which is why your “dawgs commence to barkin’” and get all swole up, from yer boot-heels
a wanderin’….
At Justin Boots, our technology is a simple i.d. (idea) that comes right out of the way your foot works.
It’s how we build ever’ boot we make.
So’s it expands - and flexes the way your foot does when it’s out riding the range, or just boot-scootin’ out at Billy Bob’s.
For Justin Boots, I’m Pecos Red, remindin’ ya:
Justin Boots Quality – It’s a DANG good thing.
– And, never kick a cow chip on a hot day!
As one of the world's leading publishers of books and articles on dog nutrition, the makers of Pedigree can offer a lifetime of reading on the topic. But for your dog we recommend the condensed version. Healthy nuggets - with anti-oxidants and vitamins to help strengthen your dog's immune system. Crunchy outside, soft inside - Just the way dogs like it. Healthy nuggets, found only in Pedigree.
If you’re looking for the kind of clear, lifelike, intimate video-calling seen in popular movies and television programs, look no further than this Philips PC Webcam with Multimedia Headset. Because that kind of thing doesn’t exist yet, and to keep looking would be a waste of time. And that’s time that would be better spent installing that flux capacitor in your DeLorean. No, the Philips PC Webcam with Multimedia Headset is about the best that a 21st-century citizen with 20 bucks in his pocket will be able to do. This USB-powered set makes video calling easy, assuming you have a PC running Windows XP, a USB 2.0 port, a Skype 2.0 or other messaging service account, and a forward-looking, future-minded spirit. Actually, that doesn’t sound very easy at all. But your reward, if you’re equipped to claim it, will be 30 fps, 640×480 full-motion webcam video with face tracking and digital zoom. Say hello to the Philips PC Webcam with Multimedia Headset, and say goodbye to making prank calls in the nude.
Want to give someone a brand-new hairdo? Photoshop Elements gives you some of the same image-editing tools the pros use for less than $100. It's fun, easy, and undoubtedly the best way to give your mother-in-law that nose she's always deserved.
There are more reasons to shop Pier 1 Imports now. Hundreds of great gift ides for everyone on your list. Great gifts, great style, great value all at Pier 1, only at Pier 1. It’s time to shop at Pier 1, the gift place.
Everybody ‘s getting rid of the bucket because now there’s New Pine Sol Spray and Mop. With the power of Pine Sol, just spray, then mop.  No sticky residue and no bucket.  Just spray and mop.  What could be easier! New Pine Sol Spray and Mop Floor Cleaner, for your whole floor.
There is more out there. More to see. More to hear. More to feel. There is more beauty, excitement, wonder and adrenaline. Where everything you watch, everything you listen to, everything you experience, you experience as though for the very first time. Pioneer- seeing and hearing like never before.
Imagine the looks you'll get, when you push a button, and your DVD-Player's 7 inch screen automatically moves into place. Pioneer DVD-Players let you sit back, and catch your favorite flicks, crush your opponents at video games, and pinpoint your location with a navigation system. No matter where you're going, Pioneer's DVD-Players are sure to turn heads.
There’s only one metal extraordinary enough for this moment. Platinum, the rarest and most enduring of all metals. There’s no finer symbol for a lifetime of love. It’s how you make a moment a milestone – platinum – the most precious of all metals.
Perfect Fit. In half size cups. Like its tailor-made. Playtex introduces My Size. The first range of bras in both regular and half-size cups. Designed especially for you. My Size. From Playtex.
The shaping underwire bra from Playtex Secrets. The great fit you expect, now in a smooth, seamless style. Playtex. Who knows you like we do?
With hundreds of digital cameras to compare, you’ll definitely find one that clicks. If you’re into digital photos or videos, finding the right camera is no longer a shot in the dark. That’s because PriceGrabber.com provides the fastest, most convenient way to locate and research the best products and prices online. Simply choose your criteria, click and within moments you’re comparing cameras by brand, features, popularity and price. While you’re at it, get the lowdown on products and merchants from buyers just like you. Bottom line? Whether you’re shopping for cameras, computers, TVs or thousands of other popular items, PriceGrabber.com provides all the information you need to make the best buying decisions.
For cleaner drier hands, hand them puffs extra strength. When Susie sneezes right through an ordinary 2 ply tissue, her hands touch everyone else’s faster than you can say duck, duck, goose. That’s why there is NEW PUFFS EXTRA STRENGTH. A tissue that’s twice as strong when wet as the leading 2 ply tissues, and 40% thicker. So Puffs Extra Strength has what it takes to help keep hands that touch other hands cleaner and drier. NEW PUFFS EXTRA STRENGTH
Did you know that how you feed your puppy now could impact his lifelong health. Purina Puppy Chow is concentrated nutrition, designed specifically to provide your puppy with the essential nutrients he needs in a 100% complete and balanced formula.
With PUR at the heart of your kitchen every drop of crystal clear water you serve will be healthy and delicious. Purchase PUR today and help us save lives in Kenya with PUR innovative purifying power. Find out more at purewater.com.
When you have a pet...life is better, because pets enrich our lives in immeasurable ways, Purina shares your passion for pets, it's why we continue to do all we can to help pet owners make the world a better place for pets. Purina, your pet, our passion.
When you have a pet...life is better, because pets enrich our lives in immeasurable ways, Purina shares your passion for pets, it's why we continue to do all we can to help pet owners make the world a better place for pets. Purina, your pet, our passion.
Only one in 700 dogs suffers from protein allergies. Only one pet food company discovered this solution. Dogs with food allergies simply cannot tolerate certain protein in their pet food. PURINA not only recognized this potentially life-threatening problem, we were the first pet food company to solve it by creating the first truly hypoallergenic diet where the protein is broken down. Through this discovery, PURINA scientists have found a way to end a dog's allergic reaction. When PURINA SCIENCE is working this hard to improve life for one out of 700 dogs, imagine what we're doing for all the rest.
Did you know a lean puppy is a healthy puppy? That's why today, Purina uses a patented ingredient to create the first and only puppy food with a nutrient proven to help reduce the percentage of body fat. Because when it comes to a puppy's health, Purina Science proves that the right nutrition can make all the difference.
You've never seen anything like this before, Beneful brand dog food from Purina. You'll love the complete nutrition. Your dog will love the taste. He'll only think he's getting spoiled. Beneful from Purina.
(dog thinking:) Keeping up with Mikey’s bicycle racing full-tilt down the path. Playing chase with the neighbor’s dog for hours. Making it into the big lounge chair on the first jump. (anncr:) Is your dog dreaming of being Fit & Trim? Purina Fit & Trim can give your dog back the physique he only dreams of -- leaner, more fit, able to run and play like he once did. That’s because Fit & Trim contains Ultra-Pro, the enhanced protein system specifically designed to help your dog retain lean muscle mass as he loses excess fat. It’s a weight loss breakthrough and only Purina has it. Get him off his tired old dog food and put him back in the game...with Fit & Trim.
We got a dog...for the kids. Okay, so I became attached. Soooo my wife calls it obsessive. I just wanted a perfect food for my dog. Talked to the vet...talked to the breeders...read books...Okay, two words: Go shopping! That’s when I found Purina One Brand Lamb & Rice Formula. First ingredient...lamb. I think we found our dog food. Me...obsessive?...I don’t think so. Purina One. Second to none.
Purina One Special Formula For Cats is made with real chicken. Good news for your cat. Great news for your canary. For a complete adult diet for your cat and the real chicken he wants, give him Purina One Special Formula. Your canary will thank you for it. Purina One. Second to none.
What's so great about a cat? When she's at her best, that laser doesn't stand a chance. 
Made with 45% protein and optimized to support lean muscle, strength, and energy, Purina pro plan finesse gives her the fine-tuned nutrition she needs to show that shifty laser dot who's boss. Find the full range of Purina pro plan nutrition only at pet specialty stores.
Purina pro plan. Nutrition that performs.
Carpool is here!  But you're soo not a morning person.  Just not yet ready for that trip to work?  How about an energy kick?  Have the driver make a stop at Quick Chek.  Where our famous coffee is made with the best beans in the land - brewed fresh, every 20 minutes, guaranteed! Quick Chek - where you can create your very own one-of-a-kind coffee concoction.  Brewed fresh, priced right.  Quick Check - where it's your way for the highway.
Nothing has inspired more excuses than report cards. But now Radio Shack has Compaq Home Computers, with software and internet enhancements specifically for learning. The new Compaq Creative Learning series can help kids do better in school, so they’ll do better in life. Radio Shack. You got questions? We got answers.
Introducing Rain-X-Car Wax. Designed to withstand rain, dirt, UV-rays and the occasional jealous stare. Protection you can see.
West didn't end when Columbus landed..
Not on the banks of the Mississippi,
or even the coast of California.
The new Ram 1500 Eco-Diesel
with 9200 pounds of towing
and 28 highway miles per gallon,
West will never end...
Guts, Glory, RAM
Even though I’m busy, I still find time to spin my wheels. If I miss even one day of working out, I’m impossible to live with. So, no matter where I am, I always make time to exercise. That’s why I believe in Reebok. They’re comfortable, lightweight, and they never quit ... just like me. Working out gives me the strength to do whatever I want ... and do it well. And when I’m wearing REEBOKS, there’s nothing I can’t do.
Even though I’m busy, I still find time to spin my wheels. If I miss even one day of working out, I’m impossible to live with. So, no matter where I am, I always make time to exercise. That’s why I believe in Reebok. They’re comfortable, lightweight, and they never quit ... just like me. Working out gives me the strength to do whatever I want ... and do it well. And when I’m wearing REEBOKS, there’s nothing I can’t do.
Powered by integrity. Powered by determination. What gives you the power? The REEBOK 3D LUMINA. For maximum lightness and flexibility.
Build More at The Home Depot – Straight forward, friendly, helpful
The push handle mechanism is comprised of two pieces. Attach the bottom piece first, then the top one. You will need to thread the pull rope through the guides in order to make the handle accessible from the top or middle of the push handle. Make sure it’s right side up so that the throttle and the self propel guide are in the correct positions. Learn how you can build more at The Home Depot.
Delta Baggage Dude – man’s man, little light humor
At Delta, we know people that fly can have a lot of baggage.  And we know that baggage is personal and important to each passenger…each individual. That’s why they call on me.  My name’s Reggie. I’m a baggage handling specialist for Delta Airlines. Try #1: (Your baggage is very important to me. I’m here to make sure your baggage arrives safely, from gate to gate.) Try #2:  I’m here to take on your baggage and make sure it arrives safely, from gate to gate.
Sheltering Angels – soft but positive, reflective
Caring for your loved ones seems as natural as the weather.  But like the weather, one day it’s sunny then suddenly you find yourself in the middle of a storm.  When it came time to take of my dad, I knew I needed help...a respite from the storm.  I found it at Sheltering Angels. 
Richmond Auto Group – over the top, then everyday guy
“Ladies and Gentlemen, what you’re about to see is so amazing, so impossibly unbelievable, so undeniably extraordinary, we guarantee you have never seen anything like it before. It’s too good to be true”, (change to normal guy). …and it probably is.  Look if you want gimmicks, well then we can’t help you. But if you’re looking for good service at a good price then, well, we can. We’re the Richmond Auto Group.
Pat and John’s – slow, Barry White, silly sensual
A pound of slow roasted pork, sliced thin. Smothered in pepper jack cheese, onions, peppers, lettuce and tomato, and topped with mmm…bacon.  Your choice of sides and a drink, and friend you don’t just have lunch.  You have love in the afternoon. Pat and John’s, we love our food.
The Earth doesn¹t concern herself with deadlines. Everything is a work in progress. Even after 6 million years, the Colorado River is still patiently carving the Grand Canyon. There’s something to be learned there. Take your time. Breathe deeply. Enjoy the view. Just remember to bring a GPS receiver or a compass so you can find your way home.
Get outside yourself. Visit our stores nationwide. www.rei.com or call 1.800.426.4840.
Want a better way to grill? When you're packet cooking with Reynolds Wrap Heavy Duty Foil, the flavor ends up right where it should: in your mouth. Reynolds Wrap. It's the way that you do it.
Here's some cool and relaxing news. Every Rheem central air conditioner gives you the added value of a genuine scroll compressor. So you can enjoy cool, quiet, efficient and reliable operation - year after year. Rheem air conditioners provide superior comfort solutions for your home or business that are unmatched in features and benefits. When it comes to air conditioning...relax. It's Rheem.
Introducing a whole new line of over 30 professional-grade power tools from RIGID that’ll seriously outperform what you are using now. These tools are packed with the features you want. Like Exactline laser precision. Motors that last up to five times longer. A dual-port battery charger that gets you to full power in half the time. And the best warranty in the business. Need we say more? RIGID. Powerful. Durable. Professional.
There's  a whole new line of over 30 professional-grade power tools from RIGID that’ll seriously outperform what you're using now.  Tools  packed with the features you want.  Like Exactline laser precision.  Motors that last up to five times longer.  A dual-port battery charger for full power in half the time.  And the best warranty in the business.  Need we say more?  RIGID.  Powerful.  Durable.  Professional.
He makes you laugh
Actually likes snuggling and never channel surfs.
Doesn't he deserve a little extra attention from you?
Each year, dogs of all ages, breeds, and sizes develop arthritis
So pay close attention to yours
If you notice a loss of mobility or energy level after normal activity
Find out how Rimadyl has helped nearly 1 million dogs with arthritis put quality of life ahead of  their pain
WHY THIS WATCH? BECAUSE IT’S A WITNESS. TO WORDS THAT MOVED NATIONS. TO THOSE WHO DARED TO MOVE FASTER. FARTHER. HIGHER. WORN BY LUMINARIES. VISIONARIES. CHAMPIONS. ROLEX.
To unlock the secrets of the ocean, Dr. Robert Ballard uses the most sophisticated underwater equipment. Including his Rolex Submariner. Equipped with a Triplock winding crown, modeled on the operation of a submarine hatch, the Submariner would seem the natural choice to accompany Dr. Ballard on all his explorations of the world’s oceans and seas.
Drink free water again. Introducing the water bottle with a filter. Our personal-size bottle filters up to 960 glasses of H2O, reducing lead and chlorine by up to 98%. And since filtered water is cheaper per glass than bottled, it makes the stuff coming out of your faucet taste just as good as the stuff you pay for. From Rubbermaid. Ideas that last.
Finally a place for all your bats, helmets, sticks, pads, and mitts. The Rubbermate Sport Station, it gives new meaning to the term "organized sports." Get the Sport Station, new from Rubbermaid.
If I’ve caught you with your faithful S.O.S. pad, scrubbing large amounts of burned Beef Wellington from your oven racks, please excuse the interruption. But if S.O.S. usually solves a smaller problem in your cooking life -- a little spill here, some dried crusty thing there -- meet S.O.S. Juniors. The same ever-faithful S.O.S. pad. Just smaller. So if your little cooking adventures sometimes go just slightly awry -- keep a little faith handy -- S.O.S. JUNIORS. The same. Just smaller.
These days, lunch time is spent at my desk. And shopping gets sandwiched between office hours and after hours. Then I’m off to SAKS for their exclusive collection -- The Works. I can get an entire wardrobe together in a flash. Great looking separates in a one-stop shop. Give me The Works any time. It’s the only way I know to look my best and stay on schedule too.
Home decorating…It’s making your home both comfortable and beautiful while staying within your budget. At Samsondale Furniture we make it easy. We understand your need for relaxed living at affordable prices. We offer both free financing and free decorating assistance with our popular Broyhill Showcase Gallery. Samsondale Furniture. Located on nearby Route 9W.
The Samsung r225. With looks and sounds like these, what other excuse do you need? Samsung Digitall. Everyone’s invited.
Samsung's DLP TV is an amazing combination of incredible engineering, exquisite design and stunning visuals-and when you turn in on it gets even better. So discover the ultimate home theater experience and put it where it belongs-your house.
I like seeing this city in details. Discovering the potential in every tiny moment. I'd like to give people something they can't be part of-My World. To discover something in everyday life that takes me to another place. This is what matters to me. This is the magic of it. I try to make the moment infinite. And when it happens, I have to share it with everyone immediately.
Samsung Galaxy Camera with Android. Share your experiences with the world with smart cameras.
script submitted by Balazs
Szeretem reszleteiben nezni ezt a varost. Felfedezni a lehetoseget minden apro mozzanatban..Olyat szeretnek adni az embereknek aminek nem lehetnek reszesei-az en vilagomat. ratalani a hetkoznapokban valamire ami egy masik helyre visz el. Nekem ez a fontos igazan. Ez benne a varazslat. Megprobalom idotlenne tenni a pillanatot. Es amikor sikerul rogton meg kell mutatnom mindenkinek.
Samsung Galaxy kamera Androiddal. Adj elmenyeket a vilagnak smart kamerakkal
Samsung is the official HDTV of the NFL three years running and is now their #1 HDTV pick fro in-stadium coaches’ booths. And since all games are being bradcast in HD, there’s no better time to get a Samsung HDTV. The NFL and Samsung. The decision is clear.
High resolution stills. Full mini digital video. Now one camera gives you both. With its swiveling dual lens, the DuoCam literally transforms from a 4.13 megapixel camera into a high-performance digital camcorder and back again. So when it comes to deciding whether you want still or video, the choice is easy: both. Only from Samsung.
It took six Ph.Ds to design a VCR a five-year-old could use. Using a VCR shouldn’t require a degree in electrical engineering. Even if you flunked VCR 101, the new Sansui SV-7’s easy-to-follow, on-screen programming, and full function remote will make you a technical wizard in no time. So you’ll spend more time enjoying your VCR than you will programming it. The SANSUI SV-7. Sight and sound made better!
At Saturn, we're taking a road less travelled by other car companies. One that began with the idea of building a car with honesty, and teamwork and pride. instead of just an assembly line. A road that continued with a belief that our cars should be just as enjoyable to buy as they are to drive. A path we've followed by listening to our customers and learning from where we travelled yesterday and having the guts to question if it was the right way. A route carved by nothing more really than a lot of desire and some common sense. It's a road that has taken us far. To the homes and hearts of Canadians from east to west. And as far as we're concerned, it's a road with no end in sight, except the vision of a car company, that is always trying to do better.
Scotch Brand brings you Pop Up Tape Strips. They free up both hands, so wrapping’s never been easier. Pop up Tape Strips, from Scotch Brand.
Sophie, don’t argue with me on this one. Use a Scotch-Brite Sponge, the blue one with the white scrubby on the flip side. It’ll take care of that built-up soap scum in half the time -- with no scratching. If your goal is to reduce cleaning time, but not cleanliness -- and isn’t that everyone’s? -- just utilize every housecleaner’s most cherished right: the right to have and to hold SCOTCH-BRITE SPONGES.
There’s a better way to save this holiday. 
At the Sears One-Day Sale with Friday Preview. 
Get 55 percent off Coats for the family. 
Plus 50 percent off Die Hard Work Boots. 
And members get two great ways to save. 
Holiday a better way. Sears.  
Sears has always saved you money, but now we can save your kids from a lifetime of embarrassment. Because their school pictures will never look better when you shop for their clothes at the biggest back-to-school sale of the season at Sears. The kids will love all the brand names, like Lee, Levis, Canyon River Blues, Bugle Boy, Swat, Oshkosh, HealthTex, and more. You’ll love that they’re all on sale. So give your kids the gift of great-looking school pictures. Come on in to SEARS for our biggest back-to-school sale of the season.
If your air conditioning isn’t keeping you cool, it’s time to talk to someone you know. Call 1-800-545-9000 for a free in-home estimate on a new Kenmore air conditioning system. Call now and get zero percent financing for three months. No billing, no payments, no finance charges until October on your Sears charge home improvement plan. When you choose Sears for central air conditioning you can be sure of quality installation and performance. That’s guaranteed. Whether you’re adding central air or replacing it, call Sears now at 1-800-545-9000.
Canyon River Blues, a line of jeans found only at Sears. They fit right. They feel right. Hey, if I were in charge, man would live in jeans, these jeans. CANYON RIVER BLUES ... only at SEARS.
OH! Welcome to my commercial. I just want to tell you about what a great experience I had buying new carpet from Sears. Well, I went to Sears and found that DuPont no-stain carpets were on sale through Saturday. They also offered free installation guaranteed. If you want one of America’s premiere carpet brands, just go to Sears. It’s DuPont Stainless in hundreds of colors and textures, on sale through Saturday, at Sears.
The great Fall Fashion Event is going on right now at Sears. Right now find great savings on snuggly sweaters and warm coats for the whole family plus find great fitting men’s jeans on sale. Come in right now for the Sears Great Fall Fashion Event. Sears: Good life. Great price.
Jambalaya for six or crème brulee for one? Now there's a dishwasher that can tell the difference. Until now, dishwashers couldn't figure out the difference between a large load and a small one. Introducing Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash with SmartWash technology. The beautiful brainiac of dishwashers.
A business appointment ... gotta be on time. A plane to catch ... allow for heavy traffic. Sooner rather than later, you’ve got to get there ... not a minute to spare ... and when the time is right, you’re on top of the world ... Seiko introduces the Grand Elite ... a watch for the man who’s never late. THE SEIKO GRAND ELITE ...the time is right!
Your watch runs as long as you do. Plus seven days. IWC Shaffhausen Since 1868.
Introducing a television experience like no other. The Sharp 37" Liquid Crystal TV. A masterpiece of design and technology. Plus, low watt consumption means an environmentally friendly way to watch television. Sharp. Inspired design for the way you live.
Looking for that great Valentine’s Day gift for the love of your life? Sixth Avenue Electronics has it! Give the love of your life a new television, DVD player, cellular phone, digital camera, or any of the greatest electronics in the world. Curl up and cuddle with your loved one with the greatest movies of all time with a new DVD player, or high definition television for unparalleled clarity.
You have enough things to think about in your life, so worrying about your patio furniture shouldn’t be one of them. At Ski Barn, our expert staff will help you select the perfect furniture for your needs. Choose from our huge selection of in-stock furniture ready for immediate delivery, or a special order with your choice of fabric and finish. We’ll deliver it and set it up, so all that’s left for you to do is relax.
Ski Barn. Quality Outdoor Furniture.
It’s what we do in the Summer!
Smallbone is England’s leading maker of bespoke kitchens, proud to serve clients in the USA. Each kitchen is individually created by Smallbone designers and hand built by our skilled craftsmen in Devizes, England. US installations are overseen by Smallbone’s own customer service team. For more information, please call 800 763 0096
Like for a really long time, my girlfriend Bambi and I have been in search of a truly significant shopping experience. I mean, a mall is a mall is a mall, right? Well, like wrong! The other day, we went to the Smith Haven Mall. I mean, like the coolest stores you’ve ever seen: Pottery Barn, Country Road, Castle Rock, Victoria’s Secret, and, like tons more. It was totally cosmic. The cutest guys will even park your car. Sign me up, fer sure. Trust me, I know my malls. The SMITH HAVEN MALL, at the corner of Middle Country Road and Vets Highway, is where I found the true, and elusive meaning ... of shopping.
Kill bacteria without killing your tub. New Antibacterial Soft Scrub. Now Soft Scrub Cleanser kills 99.9% of household germs and bacteria, while it cleans and removes stains. Yet, it’s as kind as ever to your surfaces. Soft Scrub by Clorox. Use only as directed.
The worlds more entertaining with the new Sony card. Because every time you use it you earn points toward Sony products. Electronics, games, movies and music. All the things you want from Sony get closer with every purchase. And it comes with some other things you'll want too. Like a 0% introductory APR. No annual fee and twenty-five hundred bonus points after your first purchase. Discover the benefits of being a Sony card member. Don't wait. Turn your everyday purchases into Sony products with the new Sony card. It's your window to the things you want.
One box. One system. One simple set-up. One unbelievable experience. Believe it or not, from one box comes a total entertainment system that's so affordable and so simple to set up, you can bring one home today and experience the intensity of home theater tonight. A combined DVD/CD/Receiver, five sleek satellite speakers, subwoofer and easy-to-follow color-coded connections, the DVD Dream System gives you such crisp digital video and breathtaking Dolby Digital 5.1 channel surround, it puts you right in the middle of the action like only SONY can. The SONY DVD Dream System.
Presenting the SONY VAIO Pen Tablet PC...pause...the modern version of putting pen to paper...pause...VAIO...from SONY.
It's not really important what the script is. I just need help with my sound quality.
You spend so much of your life racing in high gear, giving top priority to professional and family commitments. If anyone deserves a vacation, it’s you. Yet finding the time to unwind can still be difficult. But not if you had your own home spa. You could sink into its swirling warmth, feeling the invigorating power melt away your stress, fatigue, and muscle tension. And to ensure that your in-home vacations stay hassle-free, choose a spa made of durable DuPont Lucite. Its beautiful high-gloss, easy-care surface ensures that your daily vacations are absolutely effortless.
Imagine a place where you don’t have to answer to anyone. Where you can disconnect yourself from the demands of everyday life. And instead, experience the peace and quiet of utter relaxation. This sanctuary could be in your very own backyard. In the warm, swirling waters of a Hot Spring Portable Spa. So call 1-800-468-2656 for the Hot Spring Spa Dealer nearest you. Or check the Yellow Pages. Then prepare to put the rest of the world on hold. Hot Spring Portable Spas...Where America goes to relax.
Ever try to throw your Sports Utility Grill in the car for a quick tailgate party? Fat chance. What you need for stadium, beach or campsite is this portable charcoal brazier, a red-glazed beauty that folds right up for easy transport. It cooks faster with less charcoal too, and the extra taste natural hardwood charcoal provides, you won’t miss that Sports Utility Grill.
With Sprint’s Internet Performance Guarantees, getting on the Net isn’t a game of chance. Because we know the power of the Internet is out of reach if you can’t get connected. That’s why we guarantee your service. So you can enhance your productivity, broaden your market, track inventory, and connect with suppliers -- even customers, worldwide -- without playing musical chairs. Guaranteed. As a leading provider of Internet services, let us show you how real performance, reliability, and unsurpassed speed can impact your business.
You might not know you have unlimited data. An email. That’s ten kilobytes of data. Loading a weather site that tells you what you already know. 400. An endless email chain and your daily blog tour and you’re at a megabyte. Megabytes quickly stack on megabytes. A meg here and a meg there to avenge those watermelons once and for all. A few megs per download for an app and another app and another app. Soon you’re at gigabytes and all other sorts of bytes. It’s now you should ask yourself, “Why does any of this matter? Why can’t I have unlimited data?” Funny you should ask. Only Sprint offers truly unlimited data. Welcome to a world without limits. Sprint.
You might not know you have unlimited data. An email. That’s ten kilobytes of data. Loading a weather site that tells you what you already know. 400. An endless email chain and your daily blog tour and you’re at a megabyte. Megabytes quickly stack on megabytes. A meg here and a meg there to avenge those watermelons once and for all. A few megs per download for an app and another app and another app. Soon you’re at gigabytes and all other sorts of bytes. It’s now you should ask yourself, “Why does any of this matter? Why can’t I have unlimited data?” Funny you should ask. Only Sprint offers truly unlimited data. Welcome to a world without limits. Sprint.
Mobile IM from Sprint Wireless. With Sprint Wireless mobile IM, just about everything your IM does on your desktop computer you can do on your wireless phone. So identical it's almost freaky.
Visit www.startsampling.com where you can select a free sample and have some fun! Test drive the latest products, learn about future trends, make your opinions count. Your free membership allows you to earn great gifts and big prizes. Become a part of the startsampling community and take time for yourself, there's no cost or obligation. So visit www.startsampling.com where surprises await you.
This Saturday only, everything at Steinhafels is on sale and priced to save you 10 to 50 percent. Plus no money down, no interest, and no payments for the next twelve months. It's the one day only sale. Only, at Steinhafels.
This is an ad for a stylish gourmet shop which sells very typical Portuguese local brands, so we need the voice-over to be calm, suave and relaxed. 
--
In this world of mass tourism, it's becoming harder and harder to find an authentic gift to take back home. It feels like everything is made in China nowadays. 
At the market in Loulé (PRON: Low Lay, stress on 'lay'), a passionate team of collectors made it possible for you to find traditional products from small and family based manufacturers. 
Choose any product from the shop to compose your own stylish basket, like wine, honey, black pork chouriços, traditional tin cans with classic Portuguese delicacies. It's all at your fingertips. 
Not thinking of buying any souvenirs? Just relax with a delicious glass of wine and a nice chat with Tania and João, or with fellow travelers.
(PRON: Joe-aw, stress on 'aw') 
11 Gourmet, door number 11 at the Loulé market, much more than just a number.
Nourished
Rescued
Protected
Given new hope
During the Subaru share the love event
Subaru owners feel it too
because when you take home a new Subaru
We donate 250 dollars to helping those in need
We'll have given 50 million dollars over seven years
Love...It's what makes a Subaru a Subaru
With Swiffer Wet Jet’s dirt dissolving solution and absorbent pad, you know your floor is clean because you get all Five Signs of Clean. Swiffer WetJet has a premixed, dirt dissolving cleaning solution that breaks up and dissolves tough messes, so you can see a visible clean. Plus, its disposable, super-absorbent, thick textured pad pulls dirt deep inside, rather than spreading it around the way a mop does, letting you feel virtually residue-free floors. Swiffer WetJet also helps reveal the natural shine of your floors and leaving a fresh scent. Just absorb and throw tough dirt away with Swiffer WetJet, something you wouldn’t do with a mop and bucket. Swiffer Wet Jet. Mop Tough.
This moment brought to you by Sylvan Learning Center…..
Energizing, explosive, powerful, uplifting...That’s how superstar athletes, Hollywood celebrities and thousands of people just like you describe TAE BO, “the hottest workout in America”. Personally developed by 7-time World Martial Arts Champion Billy Blanks, TAE BO blends your own hidden strength with the ancient arts of self-defense, dance, and boxing combined with today’s greatest music. TAE BO is unlike any workout program you’ve ever tried before! Order now and you’ll receive 2 videos--an instructional video in which Billy Blanks clearly and simply teaches you the fundamental movements, and a second video in which Billy Blanks leads you through the TAE BO basics.
Sparkling with fresh winter flowers and a unique keepsake gift, Teleflora holiday bouquets capture the timeless joy of the season. They’re easy to give or send. Just call or visit your professional Teleflora florist today.
Imagine a place where stress is relieved and the pressure of the day seems to just melt away, what if you could go there tonight and every night? At tempurpedic we believe your bed should make stress go away unlike traditional mattresses which can create pressure our unique swedish tempur material actually absorbs pressure. TempurPedic welcome to bed.
Dazzling the eye with spectacular beauty, these precious, one-of-a-kind all-porcelain ornaments sparkle with a brilliant, hand-applied Swarovski crystal! Featuring romantic hummingbird-and-floral artwork by the renowned Lena Liu. These ornaments are crafted of delicate, creamy-white porcelain that’s hand-painted in a lustrous, iridescent glaze with marbleized finish. Rich, 22-karat gold-accented filigree, graceful golden bands, and etched golden caps with built-in eyelets add elegance to these old-fashioned pendant-shaped ornaments.
In the time you spent visiting a grocery store for milk and bread...someone else is using only a fraction of that time to steal a car. It’s that quick...it’s that easy... There’s no door lock strong enough...no anti-theft alarm loud enough. Even the police admit that. Your best and only defense...THE CLUB by Winner International.
The more closely you examine the ornaments, the more you will be awed by their breathtaking complexity. Each ornament is designed to enchant from every angle, with a contrast of textured and mirror-bright surfaces that glimmer and gleam with dazzling patterns of light. Each ornament is painstakingly crafted of solid brass and lavishly electroplated with genuine 23kt gold. Their radiance truly captures the wonder and warmth of the holiday season. Each ornament is also designed to stand alone, adding its rich gleam to the candlelight on your mantelpiece or dinner table.
Bring home the charms of Pooh and all his friends with this exciting new collection from the Disney Catalog. Each globe is a little world of wonder filled with special scenes of the seasons, such as Pooh and Piglet playing with October pumpkins, or Pooh enjoying a Tigger-ific snowman in December. Each wonderful moment sits atop a finely detailed and hand-painted sculpted base enhancing the theme of the globe. Plus, you’ll receive a beautiful Pooh display shelf as a bonus! To order, simply call 1-800-DISNEY-1.
The Mighty Dragon.  Seemingly invincible, it fears one weapon.  For one touch of this enchanted blade would destroy him forever.  Now, to recapture the fiery battles of dragons against mortals, famed fantasy artist Greg Hildebrandt has created “The Dragon-Master’s Dagger”.  Atop the hilt are two dragons lavished with sterling silver and fitted with carnelian eyes.  A castle turret, accented with silver and 24 carat gold, is crowned with a magnificent faceted crystal.  Beneath the dragon’s feet are two talismans embellished with 24 carat gold, hand-set with real black onyx and carnelian.  The hand guard depicts two dragons breathing scarlet flames, their heads aglow with the fire of 24 carat gold accents and fine hand-painted enamels.
Browse through fabulous bedrooms, living rooms and dining rooms...including other numerous selections from The Furniture Store. Plus, fine examples by Baker, Kindel, Henredon and Hickory Chair. Traditional, contemporary, and country upholstery. Carpeting, lighting, accessories and more! All at incredibly affordable prices! Only at The Furniture Store.
Unlike traditional training devices that depend on the human at the end of the leash to give a timely correction, the Gentle Leader’s correction is instantaneous, triggered by the dog’s own actions. Just as important, the instant the dog stops the action, the tension is released, and the dog interprets that release as a reward for the right behavior. Voila. Lesson completed.
Clark had always wanted to see Candy and Jake hang. And now, framing them would be easy. The fun-loving couple was just begging to be framed. Clark headed straight for The Great Frame Up, the totally unique picture framing shop with a better system, a professional commitment, and an emphasis on fun and satisfaction. Tonight, Candy and Jake would hang ... and he’d enjoy doing it ... thanks to THE GREAT FRAME UP!
If you’re looking for a way to increase your customer traffic, look no further than The Star-Ledger Money Book. This geographically zoned section targets Star-Ledger households within your local market. Reach your best prospects in an established, proven vehicle that is delivered 9 times a year in New Jersey’s largest newspaper. For more information or to reserve space, call your Star-Ledger Account Executive at (973) 877-5894.
Your home furnisnings are an extension of your personality and taste. So, why would you ever settle for anything less that what you want? At Thomasville, we can help. Whether you visit our showroom or schedule a "Home Call," our highly trained and talented design consultants can offer you a complimentary design plan to create a unique environent that is truly one-of-a-kind. We guarantee that your Thomasville experience will be like no other. So, relax. Take your time. We want to get to know you. Because, in the end, your satisfaction is our priority.
If three’s a crowd, Tide invites you to just pick one. With all the products out there these days, sometimes its hard to know what’s what. But at the same time, we love our options. And that’s exactly what Tide gives you when it offers Regular, Unscented, or Tide with Bleach Alternative. You may like all three. But, if three’s a crowd, Tide invites you to pick just one. No hard feelings. TIDE. A standout in any crowd.
You turn off the shower and you see it. That ugly mildew stain. You cleaned it with your bathroom clearer, but it’s been hiding all along below the surface where bathroom cleaners can’t reach. But Tilex can. Tilex’s deep cleaning formula penetrates the grout to get mildew stain clean down to its roots. Why clean mildew part way? Get to the root of the problem with Tilex.
She uses this beautiful Timber-Tech deck all the time. Her family loves it, there’s virtually no maintenance – no staining or sealing. All they have to do is enjoy it. But what she likes most about her Timber-Tech deck is: “That it’s my Timber-Tech deck.” Timber Tech – less work, more life.
The problem with a lot of shoes is that they don’t do the same things your feet do, like expand and contract when you take a step. Most shoes are rigid, which is why your feet hurt and get tired from walking around. Our Smart Comfort technology is a simple idea that comes right out of the way your foot works. It’s how we build our Park Trail shoe, so that it expands and flexes the way your foot does when it’s in motion. And that’s an especially good thing when you’re standing up for something you believe in. Timberland. Don’t wear it. Use it.
We stole their land, their buffalo, their way of life, then we went back for their shoes.
Timberline Moccasins. Sweet.
Sometimes clothes express how you feel. Sometimes, they determine it. Fashion. Some people get it. Some get it for less. T.J. Maxx.
It’s always been my style to say exactly what’s on my mind. But I know there are some things you can’t always express with words. People can relate to each other on a lot of different levels. A look, a glance, a touch. And you just know you’ve connected. Tommy Hilfiger.
Trojan latex condoms. What everyone will be wearing this year. Trojan gives you so many choices of sensual styles and shapes to experience your ultimate excitement and your pleasure. Help reduce the risk with Trojan latex condoms. Trojan. America's #1 condom. The most trusted. For a most enjoyable feel. For a free sample, visit www.trojancondoms.com
You can always count on a great pair of jeans. Choose your favorite pair from our new fits and washes, in sizes to fit every body. True Blue jeans from Gap. Fall into the Gap.
Well it's tax season and once again I've waited until the last minute to get everything done. I need help, and quick! Thank goodness for TurboTax! Check it out, there's a reason it's the #1-rated best-selling tax preparation product year after year.
Until there’s an ultra-soft world, be thankful for Ultrasoft Shoes! Slip into a pair of Ultrasoft pumps today, and step softly into tomorrow. With eight layers of built-in comfort, Ultrasoft Shoes cushion your feet against the harsh realities of everyday life. ULTRASOFT SHOES ... Soft shoes for a hard world.
At 75, 000 miles or somewhere around there switch to Max Life… Valvoline Max Life Motor Oil has added ingredients that help prevent wear on critical engine parts. At 75,000 miles it’s time to switch to Max Life.
A few weeks ago, I’m in this little Italian place, wearing my very sensual double knit shirt from Van Heusen. From out of nowhere comes this raven-haired beauty who calls me, “Marcello and starts caressing my shirt. I told her... I’m Paul Roe, She says, “I’ve seen every movie you ever made.” I told her...I’m Paul Roe. She say’s, “How about coming up to my place for a drink.” I told her...”You’re going to be my next movie.”
A few days ago, I was in this small Italian place, enjoying the silken luxury of my new very sensual double knit VAN HEUSEN shirt, out of nowhere comes this raven-haired beauty who calls me, “Marcello” and starts caressing my shirt. I said, "No...my name is Chris Hampton......" She said, "I've seen every movie you ever made....." And I said, "But I'm not ..." And she said, "Would you like to come up to my place for a drink? And I said, "Has anyone ever told you how photogenic you are .....?" Van Heusen...where quality makes all the difference.
Are you comfortable being a woman? Are you comfortable with your curves? Your hair? Are you comfortable being depended on? Taking a compliment? Laughing out loud? Are you comfortable standing in the spotlight? Are you comfortable in your own skin? Introducing Soft Effects! Made of soft brushed microfiber, it’s a bra that will make you feel comfortable both inside and out. Vanity Fair! We celebrate confidence!
Off the Wall is a state of mind.  Thinking differently.  Embracing creative self-expression.  Choosing your own line on your board and in your life.  When kids snuck into empty backyard pools seeking to expand the limits of what could be done on skateboards, Off the Wall was born.  Vans.  Off the Wall since 1966.
You already know Verizon 4G LTE is fast. It's 10 x faster than 3G.
So you can share pictures and video in real time. Download movies in minutes, photos in seconds. Stream music on the go. Video chat. And much more.
And with coverage in more than 400 markets and counting, it's an easy choice.
Verizon has more 4G LTE coverage than all other networks combined.
Are you one of the 75% of Americans with coverage?
Click the Verizon ad to see the coverage map for yourself.
At Verizon Wireless, we cover a lot of ground. And, we’re making the best national wireless network even better. Don’t just take our word for it. Test the best, and if you’re not 100-percent satisfied, simply return your phone for a full refund. It’s one more way we never stop working for you. Verizon Wireless. Visit us at VerizonWireless.com, or 1-800-2-join in.
Verizon Wireless… the clearest - truest sound ever .. is within your reach. What if everyone you call … hears everything you feel. (voices under (do you thing they heard me? Yeah? Baby gurgles) Now get unlimited messaging. With anyone. On any network… at any time. Verizon.
Verizon wireless introduces "IN" free 'In Network Calling'. Join IN and you can call any of our 36 million customers anytime, virtually anywhere, absolutely free from our national IN network coverage area. No minutes to manage, no clock to watch. Join IN with the people you call the most.
With ViaTV Videophones, life’s special moments can be shared even when you can’t be there. The ViaTV Videophone lets you talk, laugh, and smile in full-color video over standard telephone lines. You’ll be able to call your friends and family just as you always have -- but now you’ll be able to see them in person and include them in a party, even if they are thousands of miles away. The ViaTV Videophone. Because the shortest distance between two people is a smile.
Classical brilliance, unique symmetry. The Victorian Cut Diamond reveals dazzling new dimensions, in natures most exquisite treasure. Discover the secret behind diamonds that captures the admiration, of the most discerning eyes.
I used to wear glasses-until I changed my looks at Vision Center. It’s a great place for contact lenses- regular, soft lenses, clear, tinted ...So ...Say goodbye to glasses and come to Vision Corner for a new look. Contacts sure make a difference on how you see the world... And how the world sees you.
This year, Thanksgiving’s at OUR house…
There’s a lot to do…
So I’m using Walmart Pick-Up Grocery to save time…
I order and pay for my groceries online at Walmart.com/Grocery…
Then schedule a pick-up time at the Walton and J Street location in Bentonville.
They bring the groceries to my car!
It’s fast and convenient…giving me time to focus on the big meal!
Because while Grandma’s pumpkin pie recipe tastes great…
It’s no piece of cake to make…
Save money. Live better. Walmart.
Can you believe it? Summer's almost over! And soon it'll be time to hit the books again. Well, I'm here to tell you that Walmart has made going back to school more fun than ever. With great finds. Like this cool EastSport backpack with a built-in pocket for your cellphone or ipod. And check out the Walmart shopping card for a great way to pay. Its re-loadable. And you can use it in the store or online. Go to www.walmart.com for details. It'll be the hottest thing in your wallet.
This year, Thanksgiving’s at OUR house…
There’s a lot to do…
So I’m using Walmart Pick-Up Grocery to save time…
I order and pay for my groceries online at Walmart.com/Grocery…
Then schedule a pick-up time at the Walton and J Street location in Bentonville.
They bring the groceries to my car!
It’s fast and convenient…giving me time to focus on the big meal!
Because while Grandma’s pumpkin pie recipe tastes great…
It’s no piece of cake to make…
Save money. Live better. Walmart.
I gave up chocolate. I gave up espresso. I gave up the Count ... that naughty man! And his little house in Cap Ferrat. The Waterman, however, is not negotiable. I must have something thrilling with which to record my boredom. Pens write. A WATERMAN PEN expresses. Waterman of Paris. I’ll never give up my Waterman ... never!
Ah, the modern holiday. City streets are glowing, cell phones are jingling, and everybody’s scrambling for the latest in high-tech gifts. While we all love our gadgets and admittedly couldn’t live without them, sometimes it’s nice to step back and seek out a simple, sophisticated toy your forefathers would enjoy. The Waterman Exception.
Welcome to Wayfair.co.uk, an online home store with furniture, lighting, and everything in between.
Whatever your style, from basic to grand,
Wayfair has just what you need
Quality at prices you can afford
Trusted by thousands and by Google 
Visit Wayfair.co.uk today
I am the serving spoon. Part of a bigger set. Lots of pieces missing. very long story. But you had to have known that anything made of silver like me is worth a bundle. West Seattle Coins can tell you what I'm really worth, for free. They also know coins, jewelry and gold. Click the logo now for everything you need to know.
Just a theory, but I suspect the in-laws have been pocketing us for years.
(dreamy, fantastical) Imagine a dishwasher from whirlpool that creates new space, with more room for more dishes. Now pots & pans are no problem. The tall tub dishwasher from Whirlpool. Clean more than you ever thought possible. Whirlpool. Just imagine.
Imagine a refrigerator from Whirlpool that creates new space. Moving the ice to the door gives you room for eight more pizzas. More space giving you the power to get more done. The Whirlpool Refrigerator. Just Imagine.
Read: quirky, matter of fact, laid back
Cat people know, dry cat food doesn’t have to taste dry. Not when Whiskas with savory nuggets has crispy pockets with soft meaty centers. Whiskas, cat people know.
With a Windows XP Media Center Edition PC, the programming schedule revolves around you. Pause, rewind, and digitally record your favorite TV shows. Watch your DVDs. Download, upload, and make your own music mixes, videos and digital slideshows. Because it's a full Windows XP-based PC, it can also deliver your e-mail and the web. To experience entertainment your way, visit microsoft.com or your nearest retail store.
I hate Woodies! I’m the only dog on the block that doesn’t get any love, and I tell you, I’m fed up! It’s just Woodies, Woodies, Woodies ... every doggone day. She never has time for me anymore. When I want to romp in the park -- “Sorry, darling. Mommy has to go to Woodies to buy a new dress.” When I want to play fetch the stick -- “Not now, Canine Cutey, WOODIES is running a sale on shoes.” I thought it was supposed to be a dog’s world out there. If only I were a cat!
In 1830, John Rich built his first woolen mill in Plum Run, Pennsylvania. From his mule cart, he sold his quality fabrics to loggers, miners, rivermen, and hunters. By 1845 he expanded the mill and moved it to what is now Woolrich, Pennsylvania. Woolrich is the longest continuously running woolen mill in the USA. And after more than 180 years, our pride is woven in as true today as it was then.
Specifications:  Character voice for toy superhero doll laying on floor in front of new Samsung Internet connected refrigerator.  30 second spot with announcer outgoing at the end.  Character section will take 24 seconds with the outgoing voice taking 6 seconds. Timing would be critical.
Script:  (Scene setting: Superhero doll on the floor facing new refrigerator, “Sally” will be visible in another room but not in kitchen.)
Hero: 	“Carrots, last night’s pepperoni pizza, an avocado.
	Yeah, I’ve got x-ray vision, but so does Sally here...because she went to Lowe’s and got the Samsung Family Hub Refrigerator.  It has three built-in cameras that link to her smartphone.  So she can always see which groceries she needs.   
	AWWW GEEZ, BARRY...PUT SOME PANTS ON!!!
	…..I can’t un-see that.
Announcer: Now get up to 30% off select major appliances $396 (read “three ninety-six”) or more at Lowes.
So you’ve started on a project, but you keep running out of tape. Or you can’t figure out which binder you need for your notes. Trouble finding a gift for a workmate? Maybe you just love Sudoku.
There’s somewhere close to home where you’ll be welcomed as a friend. Somewhere you’ll be helped by a local who knows what you want and has what you’re looking for. Not in stock? No worries – we’ll get it in for you.
Drop by sometime and tell us what you need. We’re here for you. Your News-Agent.
Anyone who has ever owned a Zagat survey has been impressed by how useful, accurate and entertaining our guides are. But have you ever considered the possibilities? Zagat Surveys as business gifts, as promotions, or as an expression of gratitude. Zagat Surveys the possibilities are endless.
The Zales keepsake box with chocolates…exclusively designed by Lenox….with a diamond heart pendant, just $99. Looks like love is here to stay. Exclusively at Zales. Making moments last a lifetime.
- Local commercial, fast read, high energy- Summer’s really heating up! Get into Zellers for our biggest event under the sun. Save up to 70 percent on a great selection of men's, kid's and ladies' apparel and footwear. So hurry into Zellers - because savings like these don't last forever.
Salad as a meal can be simple and fresh. The need for healthy, fresh lunches and fast, easy suppers have turned pasta into the new centerpiece. Aside from being quick, cheap and easy to find, pasta also comes in lots of shapes for those who need variety. Pasta salad’s other key ingredient: fresh vegetables, kept that way with the help of ZIPLOC brand SLIDE-LOC bags.
Only Ziploc brand bags have a unique interlocking zipper to lock in freshness in a way no other bag can. When it comes out this fresh, you know it went in a Ziploc bag. Ziploc. We’ve got a lock on freshness.
Salad as a meal can be simple and fresh. The need for healthy, fresh lunches and fast, easy suppers have turned pasta into the new centerpiece. Quick, cheap and easy,  pasta also comes in lots of shapes for those who need variety. Pasta salad’s other key ingredients are fresh vegetables, kept that way with the help of Ziploc brand Slide-Loc bags. Ziploc. We’ve got a lock on freshness.
Zippo. Use it to start something.
You simply won’t recognize your houseplants. Independent laboratory tests report you can actually see an improvement within hours. African Violets, Geraniums, Orchids bloom magnificently! You get longer, earlier blooms, bigger flowers, and more luxuriant foliage. Sick plants come alive. Propagating becomes a breeze.
What’s a Zoombak? Zoombak is a small, lightweight A-GPS locator that attaches to your dog’s collar. It uses both satellite and cell phone signals to help let you know where your dog is when he’s on the loose. We’ll send you a text message, email or both (your choice) to let you know if he left the yard. We provide 24/7 LIVE customer support by phone. And you can even get continuous on-demand updates on his location until he’s home. Zoombak not only helps you locate your best friend, it helps you find peace of mind.






Prev | 
  Next | 


  See all testimonials

