

#left .ff-ad a{
font-size: 11px;
line-height:15px;
}



Features

About
Share a Script
Search Scripts
Stats

View Scripts


English Adult
CommercialBusiness (620)Character (155)Dialogue (59)Food & Beverage (451)Health & Beauty Aids (456)Imaging (21)Infomercial (17)Kids (15)Political (14)Promo & Trailer (251)Promotional (103)Public Service Announcement (PSA) (202)Retail (484)Transportation (334)Travel & Entertainment (224)NarrationAnimation (34)Announcements (7)Audiobook (278)Biography (138)Character (83)Corporate (145)Documentary (399)eLearning & Education (177)Exercise (5)Government (7)Inspiration, Relaxation (85)Internet Audio (10)Medical & Pharmaceutical (82)Non-Profit (14)Podcast (11)Telephony (90)Tongue Twisters (59)Tours (46)Travelogue (33)Video Game (43) 
Spanish
CommercialBusiness (20)Character (2)Dialogue (8)Food & Beverage (30)Health & Beauty Aids (21)Imaging (1)Kids (1)Promo & Trailer (4)Promotional (1)Public Service Announcement (PSA) (15)Retail (18)Transportation (13)Travel & Entertainment (4)NarrationAnimation (3)Audiobook (6)Biography (1)Corporate (14)Documentary (23)eLearning & Education (17)Exercise (2)Government (2)Inspiration, Relaxation (2)Internet Audio (2)Medical & Pharmaceutical (11)Non-Profit (5)Telephony (5)Tongue Twisters (1)Tours (6)Travelogue (2) 
English Children
CommercialBusiness (1)Character (11)Dialogue (2)Kids (32)Promo & Trailer (2)Promotional (1)Retail (1)Travel & Entertainment (1)NarrationAnimation (18)Audiobook (82)Biography (4)Character (4)Documentary (14)eLearning & Education (26)Medical & Pharmaceutical (1)Non-Profit (2)Tongue Twisters (2)Tours (2)Video Game (1) 



(PICTURE) There comes a time when you just can't do some things for yourself anymore. You need a helping hand. (PICTURE) He took care of you all your life, and now it's your turn to give back, but with a family of your own, there just aren't enough hours in the day. (PICTURE) "At Home Comfort" in King George provides in-home care for the elderly. (PICTURE) From bathing and dressing to housekeeping and shopping, we're there to help. (PICTURE) Call us today at 540-625-2015. "At Home Comfort" of King George...committed to dignity, compassion and quality care.
The classic and natural Italian fragrance that combines verbena, lavender and sparkling citrus…
Total control. Total performance. Introducing Adidas Anti-Perspirants and Deodorants. Adidas…when life is rough.
Advair is clinically proven to help significantly improve lung function. Unlike most COPD medications, Advair contains both an anti-inflammatory and a long acting bronchodilator working together to help improve lung function all day.
Adrair won’t replace fast acting inhalers for sudden symptoms and should not be used more than twice a day.
People with COPD taking Advair may have a higher chance of pneumonia. Advair may increase your risk of osteoporosis and some eye problems. Tell your doctor if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure before taking Advair.
Get your first full prescription free and save on refills at Advaircopd.com.
ADVAIR
Advair is clinically proven to help significantly improve lung function. Unlike most COPD medications, Advair contains both an anti-inflammatory and a long acting bronchodilator working together to help improve lung function all day.  Advair won’t replace fast acting inhalers for sudden symptoms and should not be used more than twice a day. People with COPD taking Advair may have a higher chance of pneumonia. Advair may increase your risk of osteoporosis and some eye problems. Tell your doctor if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure before taking Advair. Get your first full prescription free and save on refills at Advaircopd.com.
Advair is clinically proven to help significantly improve lung function. Unlike most COPD medications, Advair contains both an anti-inflammatory and a long acting bronchodilator working together to help improve lung function all day. Advair won't replace fast acting inhalers for sudden symptoms and should not be used more than twice a day.  People with  COPD taking Advair may have a higher chance of pneumonia. Advair may increase your risk of Osteoporosis and some eye problems. Tell your doctor if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure before taking Advair. Get your first full prescription free nd save on refills at Advaircopd.com
Muscle aches? Nothing is proven more effective or longer lasting than Advil. For long-lasting relief of muscle aches, count on Advil. In a recent clinical study, Advil was found to work better than Tylenol in relieving the pain of sore muscles the day after exercise. No wonder doctors recommend Advil for muscle aches more than any other non-prescription brand. ADVIL -- Advanced medicine for pain.
Arthritis pain? It’s a part of my life. So I keep Advil close by. Just ONE works as well as TWO regular Tylenol. Advil works at the site of minor arthritis pain -- stopping it where it starts. Nothing’s proven to work better or last longer than Advil. And now introducing new ADVIL GEL CAPLETS. One more advance for Advil. Advanced medicine for pain.
Arthritis pain? It’s a part of my life. So I keep Advil close by. Just ONE works as well as TWO regular Tylenol. Advil works at the site of minor arthritis pain -- stopping it where it starts. Nothing’s proven to work better or last longer than Advil. And now introducing new ADVIL GEL CAPLETS. One more advance for Advil. Advanced medicine for pain.
For fast, effective relief, Advil goes to work right at the site of minor arthritis pain. It keeps pain away hour after hour. And it’s gentler on your stomach than aspirin. In fact, nothing is proven more effective or longer-lasting than Advil. Advil. Advanced medicine for pain.
As a nursing home aid from 9 to 5, I’ve made a lot of close friends. But the one I rely one the most is Advil. Advil works at the site of minor arthritis pain – stopping it where it starts. And now introducing new ADVIL GEL CAPLETS.
She has a high fever. You know what it’s like to wait it out. When time counts, Children’s Advil relieves her fever fast. Faster than Children’s Tylenol, and lasts up to eight hours. Children’s Advil Fights Fevers Faster.
Aging is inevitable, but how you age is not. You have the power to take control and actually manage your aging process. A unique Cenegenics protocol is your gateway to next generation medical science . . . a comprehensive, evidence-based approach to age management that takes you well beyond the conventional approach of quick, routine exams and generalized guesstimates, based on body type, gender and age. In-depth diagnostics reveal your big picture, uncovering your strengths and weakest health links.    With that medical data in hand, Cenegenics Affiliate NYC partners with you to create a personalized, multi-faceted program, which meets your health goals and successfully manages your aging process.
 Think of it as "squaring the curve," staying healthy and staving off decline, typically associated with getting older. The result? Youthful aging with a more vigorous, healthier lifestyle. Take charge & revitalize your aging process today ...
What you wear to bed is your business.
So if you're sleeping in your contact lenses, ask your eye doctor about Air Optix Night & Day Aqua contact lenses. They're FDA approved for up to 30 days and nights of continuous wear and are the most breathable soft contact lenses available. Because bedtime is your time.
Air Optix Night & Day Aqua contact lenses.
Visit airoptix.com for a 1-month free trial.
This is Nick.  This is Nora.  This is Nick’s nose.  This is Nora’s nose.  Nick’s nose likes a little air freshener.  Nora’s nose likes a lot.  Their noses didn’t know what to do.  Until their nosy neighbor Ned told them about new improved Airwick Airwaves.  Airwaves  have a low setting for Nick’s nose and a refreshing,  room filling scent for Nora’s Nose.  Now Nick and Nora’s noses can live in harmony.
Only Allegra has fexofenadine for effective non-drowsy relief of seasonal allergy systems. For people twelve and older. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for more information. Side effects are low and may include drowsiness (1.3%), cold or flu (2.5%), nausea (1.6%), or menstrual pain (1.5%).
Seasonal allergies can make you feel miserable. Only once-daily Allegra has fexofenadene, for long lasting non-drowsy allergy relief. So you can feel more like yourself again. For people 12 and older. Side effects include headache, upper respiratory tract infection and back pain. Call you doctor now for more information about Allegra, and enjoy your world.
Unbearable commute, or unbearable congestion? The stuffy nose and sneezing from seasonal allergies can make any drive hard to take. Only Allegra–D has fexofenadine plus pseudo-ephedrine. So it provides real relief from allergies and congestion, without the drowsiness that can be caused by many other antihistamines. Talk to your doctor about Allegra–D, and get on the road to relief today.
Unbearable commute, or unbearable congestion? The stuffy nose and sneezing from seasonal allergies can make any drive hard to take. Only Allegra–D has fexofenadine plus pseudo-ephedrine. So it provides real relief from allergies and congestion, without the drowsiness that can be caused by many other antihistamines. Talk to your doctor about Allegra–D, and get on the road to relief today.
What is that intangible quality that turns heads and touches hearts, catches your eye, and holds you with its power? Every woman has her own special allure. It can be found in a glance, a voice, a face across a crowded room. ALLURE is unmistakable and irresistible. And, like a perfect memory ... it lasts forever.
Real men. Real allure. A little mystery adds to the attraction. Allure Homme. The new men’s fragrance from CHANEL. At Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s.
New Almay Bright Eyes. Open wide. Take your eyes from tired to tremendous with the Almay Bright Eyes Collection. Color cream shadows, dual-ended eyeliners and lash-lifting mascara designed to give you wider, brighter, beautiful eyes.
Listen. Your period comes every month. But it changes every day. That’s why ALWAYS designed new MULTIPAX. Three levels of protection in one smart box. So no matter what, you’ve got the right protection. ALWAYS MULTIPAX.
Listen. Your period comes every month. But it changes every day. That’s why ALWAYS designed new MULTIPAX. Three levels of protection in one smart box. So no matter what, you’ve got the right protection. ALWAYS MULTIPAX.
No matter how much you move around at night, there's a pad that can give you great protection. Introducing a new Always Overnight without wings. It's longer and wider to absorb what regular pads don't. Always Overnight now with or without wings.
There is a rhythm to life. We sleep at night - and wake in the morning. It's the sleep cycle that helps keep us in a healthy balance. But, for millions of Americans, sleep doesn't always come easily. For them, there's AMBIEN.
AMBIEN, the prescription sleep aid that helps you fall asleep fast and stay asleep longer - and wake rested and refreshed without grogginess in the morning. No wonder AMBIEN is the number one prescribed sleep aid in America. Talk to your doctor about AMBIEN. AMBIEN --- works like a dream.
Here you are at the playoffs, with your best buddy. Seats right on the floor, hot dogs, peanuts, an ice cold drink, and you get a toothache. You need maximum strength Ambusol to relieve pain on contact. No leading toothache product you can buy is more effective at relieving pain. Maximum Strength Ambusol. Put it on, the pain is gone. Good thing you’re back in the game. That was your team. For temporary relief of open cavity pain. Use only as directed.
Why do more people trust American Laser Centers for smoother, more beautiful skin than anyone else in the country? It's our state-of-the-art laser hair removal system that's both safe and effective. Call today for a free, no-obligation, private consultation. Looking gorgeous is easy when you choose with confidence.
Every 67 minutes someone dies from melanoma. With early detection, most of these deaths can be prevented. This May, through the power of friendship, Olay and the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery invite you to save some lives. Ask your best girlfriend to join you for a free skin cancer screening, and encourage her to always wear an SPF. For more information go to skincancertakesfriends.org. Don’t let beauty become a beast. Protect, detect, and love the skin you’re in.
Pop the top! And celebrate beautiful skin. Turn heads and stop traffic with more radiant skin. Aqua Glycolic Toner is specially formulated with an Alpha Hydroxy Acid and pH balanced to tighten skin, even complexion and reduce the size of pores while combating wrinkles. You'll easily see the difference in your skin's natural beauty and with its unique pump dispenser, there's no fuss and no mess. Aqua Glycolic for skin that feels as wonderful as it looks.
Take the feeling of clean to the extreme. Micro-Active Foam showers your whole mouth as it seeks out germs that can cause bad breath…then rinses clean away, leaving only a cool tingling sensation that just won’t quit! New Extreme Clean from Aquafresh.
Arden Courts specializes in caring for people in the early to middle stages of Alzheimer’s. Every detail is designed to make life simpler and more fulfilling for residents -- from the secure layout, to the meaningful activities, to the staff trained in the latest caregiving techniques. Arden Courts is part of ManorCare Health Services, the company that pioneered Alzheimer’s care, with a 35-year reputation of helping seniors and their families. We have the expertise and experience to simplify and enhance your loved one’s life. And to help you find the peace of mind you deserve.
Arden Courts
Arden Courts specializes in caring for people in the early to middle stages of Alzheimer’s. Every detail is designed to make life simpler and more fulfilling for residents -- from the secure layout, to the meaningful activities, to the staff trained in the latest caregiving techniques. Arden Courts is part of ManorCare Health Services, the company that pioneered Alzheimer’s care, with a 35-year reputation of helping seniors and their families. We have the expertise and experience to simplify and enhance your loved one’s life. And to help you find the peace of mind you deserve.
What this country needs is a miracle. Aussie's 3 Minute Miracle Deep Conditioning Treatment promises to deliver healthier, more beautiful hair. Enriched with Australian balm mint, sunflower seed oil and aloe, our unique formula reconstructs damaged hair inside and out. While penetrating deeply, it repairs split ends and smoothes rough cuticles, so every head of hair in America will now be in perfect condition in just 3 minutes. And that's nothing less than a miracle.
You’re definitely not one to be outshined. Aussie’s Sun-Touched Shine collection hydrates lackluster hair for dazzling radiance. So its always your day to shine. Aussie – Add some Roo to Your Do.
A walk through a lush lavender field on a pristine organic farm inspired the creation of Avalon Organic Botanicals. A unique line of therapeutic body care products derived from certified organic ingredients: floral water, plants oils, aloe and healing herbal botanicals.
Go on a sensory adventure as Aveda guides you through our exclusive collection of Pure-Fume™ flower and plant essences. You'll discover mood-lifting aromas that bestow a profound sense of well-being. And a deep connection to nature.
Take your daily ritual to a deeper level. New Scalp Benefits™ Balancing Shampoo and Conditioner – partnered with our Stress Relieving Scalp Massage – clean deep down, improve circulation, and bring deeply needed oxygen and nutrients to the roots. No matter what your hair type or scalp condition you’ll love the benefits. Healthy hair begins with a healthy scalp – try new Scalp Benefits™ Balancing Shampoo, Conditioner, and Massage. Find Aveda at 866-824-1548 or at aveda.com. Aveda – get to the root of it.
Take your daily ritual to a deeper level.  New Scalp Benefits Balancing Shampoo and Conditioner--partnered with our Stress Relieving Scalp Massage--clean deep down, improve circulation, and bring deeply needed oxygen and nutrients to the roots.  No matter what your hair type or scalp condition you'll love the benefits.  Healthy hair begins with a healthy scalp - try new Scalp Benefits Balancing Shampoo, Conditioner, and Massage.  Find Aveda at 866.824.1548 or at aveda.com. Aveda - get to the root of it.
Now at Aveda, the present is the future. This holiday season; embrace the millennium with optimism and hope. With special gift ideas for hair, skin, body and lifestyle. Expressing wishes and affirmations for the people you love, through the experience of pure flowers and plants. Awake. Aware. Aveda.
Now blemish free skin doesn't have to be dry skin. Introducing a breakthrough new cleanser for adults that lets you prevent blemishes without drying out your skin. New Aveeno Clear Complexion Foaming Cleanser. It's the only cleanser with a blemish-fighter recommended by dermatologists plus moisture-rich soy to even out skin tone. Clear, smooth, blemish-free skin. It's a beautiful thing. Aveeno - Discover nature's secret for clearly beautiful skin.
Rediscover the skin nature intended you to have with Aveeno daily moisturizing lotion. Made with oatmeal, which holds moisture naturally, Aveeno lasts for 24 hours. Aveeno. Discover nature's secret for healthy skin.
Blemish-free skin doesn't have to mean dry skin. Finally a breakthrough cleanser for adults that let's you prevent blemishes without drying out your skin. Aveeno Clear Complexion Foaming Cleanser. It's the only cleanser with a blemish-fighter recommended by dermatologists plus moisture-rich soy to even out skin tone. Clear, smooth blemish-free skin. It's a beautiful thing. Aveeno. Discover nature's secret for clearly beautiful skin.
What if you could capture radiance in a bottle? Finally, a soft natural glow can come from a moisturizer. Introducing AVEENO Positively Radiant Daily Moisturizer. Only AVEENO has an exclusive soy complex proven to naturally soften and even tone, while natural light diffusers immediately give your skin a soft, healthy glow. AVEENO. Discover nature's secret for naturally radiant skin.
Aveeno positively radiant moisturizer with total soy is proven to visibly reduce past damage; while SPF 30 complex protects longer against future damage from UV rays. Aveeno Positively Radiant.
All day relief for dry, itchy skin. In your shower. Introducing AVEENO Skin Relief Body Wash with the moisturizing power of natural oatmeal. It's a complete clean in a gentle, soap-free formula. From the name that dermatologists recommend. AVEENO. Discover nature's secret for healthy skin.
Discover a whole new way to relieve stress. Introducing Aveeno Stress Relief Body Wash. A moisturizing cleanser that actually helps wash away stress. With an exclusive combination of natural lavender and chamomile, it's been shown to calm and relax. And the active oatmeal formula locks in moisture all day. Helping to relieve stress while you shower--now that's multi-tasking. Aveeno. Discover nature's secret for a calmer, more relaxed you.
An Avon fragrance can be fresh and lasting ... An Avon fragrance can also be cooling ... soothing ... refreshing ... intriguing ... and charming .... So whatever you wear, wear fragrance by AVON.
Introducing Anew Ultimate, the skin transforming cream. Some of the most powerful anti-agers known to womankind. It's a super-compound with gold, copper and magnesium. It's new Ultimate. In tests, 90% of the women who tried it, were transformed by it. So sag, bag and be puffy. Or call your Avon lady, 1-800-FOR-AVON, or visit avon.com.
Bath time, It's the feel of the water. The sound of a splash. The smell of a clean baby. It's only a moment. And it's pure magic. Make the most of it with Baby Magic Baby Bath
When I wear Bali, I feel beautiful, and when I feel beautiful, I am. Experience the new Bali “Passion-For-Comfort” bra, with it’s silky-smooth lining and simple elegance. You’ll find beauty in everyday comfort. Live beautifully, in Bali bras and panties.
Don’t mess your dress! Why put up with a messy white solid? Now there’s New Ban Clear ... the first truly clear solid deodorant. It goes on without the messy, white residue that white solids can leave on your skin and clothes. Don’t mess your dress ... use NEW BAN CLEAR from Ban.
The other night, I was staying with friends and ran out of my Ban Roll-On. They had Sure Aerosol, so I used it instead. It didn’t keep me as dry as Ban Roll-On. I’m told Ban Roll-On keeps you drier than any leading spray, and I believe it. Ban Roll-On. If you’re using any other leading spray, find out for yourself how effective BAN ROLL-ON is.
Discover the revolutionary Liquid Bandage from Band-Aid Brand. It's an invisible waterproof seal that stays on better and longer than conventional bandages, even on hard-to-cover places like finger cracks. For more information go to www.bandaid.com
A sensual revolution. A bra that’s there, but barely. Smooth, soft, unencumbered comfort. Discover it. Nothing feels better. Barely there.
My wife's glasses drove her crazy. She was ready for laser surgery but she didn't know who she could trust. Introducing the Bausch & Lomb Zyoptix System. Because no two eyes are alike, it maps and analyzes thousands of individual data points for excellent results. As with any surgery there are risks. Go to Bausch.com to find the Zyoptix certified surgeon near you. She's thrilled. Zyoptix from Bausch and Lomb. Perfecting Vision. Enhancing Life.
If you’re facing age related vision loss for the first time ever, there’s hope. New Bausch and Lomb Ocuvite PreserVision. The only eye vitamin proven effective by the National Eye Institute. Bausch and Lomb, see the wonder.
Try to explain to your best buddy that he can’t come inside because you can’t seem to get rid of his fleas. Well? Bayer’s Advantage flea treatment is one of the most effective ways to control fleas ever developed. Both of you will feel better. Bayer’s Advantage flea treatment. Available at most pet stores.
You know how it goes ... the phones that don’t stop ringing. The project that was due yesterday. The irate client. When this is how it’s going, you know it’s time for Bayer. Bayer Aspirin’s strong formula brings quick relief to your headache and relaxes those tense muscles, so you can concentrate on the bigger things. And, with its new micro coating, Bayer is easy on your stomach. So reach for BAYER ... when you know how it’s going.
Bayer is the only leading pain reliever that can help save your life. Studies have proven aspirin can reduce the risk of another heart attack by up to 50%, when taken regularly under a doctor’s care and accompanied by a proper diet and exercise. So why choose anything but Bayer? It’s more than a pain reliever. It’s a wonder drug.
Whether it’s allergies or dry indoor air, your nose, throat, and sinuses can become red, irritated, and painful. Doctors have long recommended gentle steam therapy for relief of congestion. Home or away, Beauti-Mist is an indispensable companion that produces a gentle steam that unclogs blocked sinuses and soothes painful tissue. To order call 800-666-6432.
You can look all around the world…..you can search department stores and boutiques….you can try to see the top experts if you’ve got lots of time and money…or you can fill all your beauty needs online. Beauty.com….. the world of beauty. Online.
You can look all around the world…..you can search department stores and boutiques….you can try to see top experts if you’ve got lots of time and money…or you can fill all your beauty needs online. Beauty.com….. the world of beauty. Online.
Know what might make you itch? It's a histamine reaction in your skin. Know what blocks histamine? BENADRYL CREAM, the only brand that penetrates to block histamine that causes itch. BENADRYL - make histamine history.
Better allergy relief is right under your nose. Clinical studies proved what allergy sufferers have known all along. Benadryl is 54% more effective than the leading allergy prescription. More effective at relieving even you’re worst allergy symptoms like runny noses. If you’re looking for better allergy relief, it's as easy as a walk in the park. Benadryl. The Histamine Blocker. Learn more at www.benadrylusa.com
Every day you push yourself to new levels. You stretch, you bend, you move, and then sometimes, you hurt. Now for every new muscle you discover, there’s new Bengay S-P-A. Introducing S-P-A with Site Penetrating Action. S-P-A contains a powerful pain reliever that works on contact, penetrating right at the site of your muscle aches and pains, for soothing relief. S-P-A. Pain relief for your active life--with a surprisingly light scent. From Bengay.
Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy won't turn back the clock, but it will help you age more gracefully.
Your doctor can do more than prescribe a few pills. As you begin to face the symptoms of aging, ask your doctor to refer you to a compounding pharmacist.
A compounding pharmacist can fine tune your prescription drug therapy to your individual needs. Your local compounding pharmacist is ready to serve you.
Bio-Identical Hormone Therapy
Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy won't turn back the clock, but it will help you age more gracefully.
Your doctor can do more than prescribe a few pills. As you begin to face the symptoms of aging, ask your doctor to refer you to a compounding pharmacist.
A compounding pharmacist can fine tune your prescription drug therapy to your individual needs. Your local compounding pharmacist is ready to serve you.
Hydrate your hair, the salon way. The salon way to hydrate and revive normal to dry hair with a healthy dose of moisture. An innovative botanical complex helps instantly condition and nourish hair while leaving it shiny and silky smooth. Rejuvenates body and bounce, hair is softer, healthier and more manageable. Inspired by nature. Intensified by Biolage. Hydrating Shampoo and Conditioning Balm. Only in salons.
Blonde doesn’t get any blonder than this. Look hot. Be cool. With SHEER BLONDE hair care you an outshine, upstage and out “do”. So lighten up and get down. Everybody knows that “golden” rules. Sheer Blonde.
Revitalize. Refresh. Rejuvenate. Introducing the Body & Earth Collection. Bath and skin care products created to help you look and feel your best. Holiday gift sets now available.
There's a treasure that lies between these cheeks. And there's only one roll of paper that can take care of it. Bragado Five-ply. We make our pulp exclusively from old-growth redwood. No recycling for us. That's because once you've dropped a first-rate payload, you need a wipe that's redwood-tough.  Bragado five-ply. This ain't no "kitten soft."
At Marriott we know how to take good care of people, and at the new Brighton Gardens of West Orange, it shows in every detail--from the nutritious restaurant-style meals and enriching social and cultural activities, to the regular wellness checkups. Brighton Gardens offers levels of care, so residents can get just the amount of assistance they need--from medical administration to assistance with dressing and bathing. There’s even a separate Alzheimer’s Center on site for those with memory disorders. Brighton Gardens of West Orange is more than a lovely place to live, it’s a warm, caring, vibrant community. Brighton Gardens by Marriott. Your life, just a little easier.
Reveal yourself.  Your rich, sultry, gorgeous brunette self.  Introducing Brilliant Brunette.  The first shampoo, conditioner, and styling line just for brunettes.
When you feel unsettled or the need for a rescue, Calming Essence® can help your body initiate the restorative process. The traditional blend of Rock Rose, Impatiens, Clematis, Cherry Plum, and Star of Bethlehem combine to form an amazing flower remedy that can help you get back on the road to inner-peace and emotional balance. Calming Essence Cream from ELLON BOTANICALS. To order: 1-800-4BE-CALM or visit www.ellonbotanicals.com
New Caress Moisturizing Body Wash with three Moisturizers. It hydrates, replenishes and smooths for one beautiful silky feeling. No soap can do all that.
Seduce your senses and soften your skin with Caress Berry Indulgence Moisturizing Bar. Enjoy the alluring scent of fresh berries and the unique blend of moisturizers with vitamin E. Caress. Feel the difference.
Introducing New Lip Intensities from Chanel. With four fabulous finishes and cool color. Hot off the Paris runway. Lip color comes out to play.
Lace so soft and delicate, you simply forget it’s there. It may be a detail, but it’s a Chantelle.
Glide on chap stick overnight lip treatment specially formulated lip care with 8 moisturizers like aloe and vitamin E that replenish, smooth, and soften. It works for hours as you sleep. So you wake up to lips that truly look smoother and softer. Chap stick overnight lip treatment for smoother, softer lips overnight.
She has a high fever. You know what it's like to wait it out. When time counts, Children's Advil relieves her fever fast. Faster than Children's Tylenol. And lasts up to 8 hours. Children's Advil, fights fevers faster.
Cialis is the first tablet for erectile dysfunction that gives you up to 36 hours to choose the moment that's right for you and your partner.
Four years of dancing lessons. Nine years of piano. It all adds up. Today, it costs over $200,000 to raise your child to college age. And that’s assuming she’s going to like her nose. At CIGNA HealthCare, our plans are designed with this in mind. We include well-child exams and immunizations as part of our coverage. So you can worry about bigger problems. Like whose turn it is to change the diaper. CIGNA HEALTHCARE…A business of caring.
Lullabies at 7. Diaper changes on the hour. 2 a.m. feedings. You put in a full day’s work before you put in a full day’s work. How can you find time to take of yourself ? At CIGNA HealthCare, we’ve created programs just for a woman’s special needs. Because wouldn’t it be nice to have someone take care of you for a change? CIGNA HealthCare…a business of caring.
Fall in love! Discover the Clairol Reds Collection. Inspired by romance. Romantic reds are the rage this season, and Clairol reds are loved for being rich, true and made for you. Clairol . . . we make color wonderful.
Work yourself into a lather. Feel what it does for your hair. Ohhh, the organic herbs. Ahhh, the all-natural botanicals drenched in pure mountain water. Ummm, the way it leaves every strand of your hair feeling revitalized. Clairol’s Herbal Essences shampoos and conditioners. Oooh, you’ll love it. Herbal Essences…a totally organic experience.
For healthy looking color, trust your instincts. Natural Instincts. With 100% pure aloe, chamomile and ginseng. It makes your hair look even shinier and healthier- looking than before you colored it. Clairol. Color wonderful.
What’s the one in the three-in-one? The one is Condition by Clairol. What are the three in the three-in-one? The three are clean, condition, and protect. Protect what? Your hair, of course. From what? Well, let’s just say without oil. And clean. Clean without stripping. Three-in-one shampoo is CONDITION BY CLAIROL. That’s the one.
Illuminate! Shine! Glow! With new Condition finishing shine. Special lightweight ingredients give your hair so much luster, but never leave it looking greasy. Advanced dual protectants leave your hair looking better than ever. There’s never been a better way to shine. New CONDITION BY CLAIROL ... because you’re worth it.
Hydrience. Incredible color that won't shock your hair. Intense color. Lasting color. Color that loves your hair. It’s not impossible. Its Hydrience. Its unique water-based color crème hydrates your hair with pure, permanent color. Nothing penetrates deeper to last longer. Hydrience. Incredible color that's incredibly gentle. By Clairol.
Clarinex is proven to provide 24 hours of non-drowsy allergy relief. So, whether you’re allergic to pets, pollen, mold, mildew, or dust, talk to your doctor and find out if Clarinex is right for you.
Clarinex helps block histamine with receptor protection to relieve allergy symptoms for a full 24 hours from pets, pollen, mold and dust. Side effects are similar to placebo and may include sore throat, dry mouth and fatigu. So talk to your doctor about prescription Clarinex. You hold the power. All day, everyday.
Bothered by allergies? Sure, I was. But Clarinex keeps my allergy symptoms from becoming a big deal. That's because Clarinex is the only nondrowsy prescription antihistamine that provides relief from pets, pollen, mold, and dust. All day. Every day.
It’s another beautiful day, don’t lose it to seasonal allergies Take control! Talk to your doctor about Claritin Just one Claritin tablet daily brings you 24 hours of non-drowsy relief from seasonal allergy symptoms Claritin has a low occurrence of side effects such as headache, drowsiness, fatigue and dry mouth, similar to sugar pills Take clear control, take Claritin.
My old allergy medicine left me in a fog. Now – I’m Claritin Clear. Claritin relieves my worst allergy symptoms – without making me drowsy. I stay alert and focused. Who wants to spend their day in a fog? Discover Claritin and live Claritin Clear.
When you have allergies, you need all the help you can get. Claritin offers a variety of products that can help adults and children with their indoor and outdoor allergies. Claritin products help relieve your worst symptoms including : Itchy Watery eyes, Sneezing, Runny Nose, Without drowsiness. And Claritin-D provides powerful relief from: Sinus Pressure, Nasal Congestion. FIND out which Claritin product is Right for You!
Lift the medicine fog. Today, make sure you're Claritin Clear.There's clear, then there's Claritin Clear. Claritin Clear means you can control your toughest allergy symptoms without medicine may cause, when you can feel Claritin Clear? Get clear at www.claritin.com Claritin relieves: itchy, watery eyes, runny nose, and sneezing
Feel a cool deep down tingly clean. Clean and clear deep action cream cleanser. Clean and clear and under control.
Clearasil Daily Face Wash. Visibly clearer skin without drying out your face. Clearasil. May cause confidence.
Only one mechanism on Earth is more complex than the female body ... the female mind. And when it thinks the body might be pregnant, the clever mind chooses Clear Blue Easy. It was the first one-step stick test ... and no one’s ever made a test that’s easier, or more accurate. Blue, the body is pregnant. Clear, the body is not. In minutes, the mind is no longer in doubt ... the body rests assured. And both move on to simpler things. CLEAR, BLUE, EASY. What you need. To know.
Circles under the eyes?  It can be fatigue, stress, age.  And now, Clinique Even Better Eyes.  A proven dark circle corrector.  This is what a 30% improvement looks like.  It’s clinically proven.  Visibly lightens dark circles on all skin tones.  Even Better Eyes from Clinique.  Available at Macy’s, your skin care destination.
Mark your calendar. It’s Clinique’s year-of-great-looks workshop. Twelve months’ worth of looks-to-love, happening all this week, at the Clinique counter at Lord & Taylor. Go one-on-one with an expert for the latest makeup news. Views. How-to’s. Learn tips, tools and techniques. For the looks you want now, come to CLINIQUE’S year-of-great-looks workshop. Happening all this week. At Lord & Taylor.
And your puffs. Your lines. Your under-eye circles. With a little help from Clinique’s All About Eyes. Send under-eye baggage a message that’s short and extremely sweet: Hit the road. Oh... and don’t bother to write.
As always, allergy tested, 100% fragrance free. Why not wake up in great skin? Clinique's custom 3-step skin care.
Make it a happy holiday. A hint of citrus, a wealth of flowers, a mix of emotions. Clinique Happy—a very personal gift.
A windswept coastline. Waves crashing against the shore. The endless sweep of horizon. Introducing Coastline our newest fragrance for men. Fresh. Liberating. Distinctive. An invigorating blend of cool aromatics and rich warm woods.
Now, Colgate toothpaste introduces a new Winterfresh flavor to give your family two great flavors for fighting cavities. New Winterfresh is cool and refreshing, with real wintergreen flavor. And both Colgate flavors have MFP fluoride to fight cavities. No toothpaste fights cavities better. So give your family a Colgate choice ... Regular COLGATE or Winterfresh flavor. One great cavity fighter in two great flavors.
Clinical studies prove that Colgate Precision removes more plaque in a single brushing than Crest Complete. And Oral B. And Reach. Which makes it an ideal weapon in the fight against gum disease. So choose the brush that really cleans up. Colgate Precision.
New Colgate Total freshens breath, while fighting cavities and tartar. It battles bad breath, devastates gingivitis and plaque. And if that is not enough, Colgate Total toothpaste gives you all of this protection all day long, even when you are not brushing. Now isn’t that all you ever wanted in a toothpaste? Colgate Total, the brushing that works between brushings.
Just months after the birth of her daughter, Melissa suffered a massive heart attack. Her heart was destroyed, and her only hope was a transplant. Melissa was brought to the Columbia Cornell Heart Institute of New York Presbyterian. New York Presbyterian is a leader in LVAD technology, a remarkable innovation that kept Melissa alive until a transplant was available. Eventually, she got the transplant she needed. And now, Melissa’s not only caring for her two small children…..she’s swimming 50 laps every other day! ept Melissa alive until a transplant was available. Eventually, she got the transplant she needed. And now, Melissa’s not only caring for her two small children…..she’s swimming 50 laps every other day!
When it's hot, it's the only thing to wear. Cool Water. By Davidoff.
If you have a cold and high blood pressure, you should know that decongestants in some medicines could raise you blood pressure. So why take them? Take decongest-free corasedin hvp. Powerful relief that won’t raise your blood pressure.
County Hospital in White Plains … we’re a community hospital with only one purpose -- to be here when you need us, with the advanced technology, the skills, and the knowledge to give you high-quality, compassionate care. COUNTY is your hospital. We’re here to provide high-quality medical and surgical services. And, we have the people -- and the technology -- to provide that care with compassion …and a commitment to excellence.
Introducing Cover Girl’s New Clean Skin Care. A pure, fresh, innovative moisturizer. Oil-free. Fragrance-free. Water-based. To smooth and silken sensitive skin. It’s the moisturizer with a refreshing new difference. Dermatologist tested. From Cover Girl’s New Skin Care Collection. Where naturally beautiful skin begins.
Introducing Cover Girl New Nonstop Eyecolor. What makes it last? The extraordinary powder-creme lasting color base, with Vitamin E and Aloe. It goes on first to set the way. So color glides on. Locks on. Stays true. NONSTOP EYECOLOR, new from COVER GIRL.
Labios esculpidos y definidos con reflejos brillantes que te hacen resplandecer.
¡Nuevo ShineBlast - 4 veces más brillante!
Presentamos el nuevo brillo de labios, ShineBlast.  Comprueba cómo la luz se refleja en tus labios provocando increíbles destellos bajo una base de brillo.  Además, el nuevo aplicador inspirado por maquilladores profesionales, el ShineSculpt, envuelve las curvas de tus labios.  Siéntete resplandecer con ShineBlast.
Bella, libre, natural…CoverGirl.
Better skin...in a snap! Aquasmooth Makeup SPR 15. Inside this airtight compact is a fresh form of makeup. Water-based, vitamin-enriched formula. Get noticeably better, beautiful skin every time you use it! In true-to-you shades - easy breezy beautiful COVERGIRL.
¿Cuál es el secreto de unas pestañas súper largas que no se deshacen en pedacitos?  ¡nylon!
Nueva Mascara Lashblast Length con nylon.
Lo último en pestañas.  Con nuestro cepillo, aún más largo, tus pestañas se ven hasta un 80% más largas.  La nueva fórmulas Elasta-Nylon hace que tus pestañas sean más flexibles sin llegar a deshacerse en pedacitos, manteniendo su impresionante longitud durante todo el día.
Bella, libre, natural…Covergirl.
"Guess who's not wearing Outlast"? For Lip color that stays on, stays beautiful for 10 hours, Outlast is unsurpassed. The 2-step system means color stays on your lips, and off your glass, even after Pizza! Imitators, you've been outlasted. Outlast all day Lip color, from easy, breezy, beautiful Cover Girl.
Wish your moisturizing lipcolor would last? Get the luscious look and feel of moisturizing lipcolor in a formula that lasts a full 8 hours. Covergirl Outlast. In satin and luminescent shades – it’s paradise!
Can your lip color outlast this day? What a system! First, the color coat sets in a minute, then the moisture coat shines and helps protect. 34 radiant shades that go from cake to kisses, from Miss to Mrs., without reapplying at all! Outlast All-day lip color!
Our Pixie with her magic wand paints her shiny GlossSticks on. Eyes a-shimmer, lips a-rosy shades of once upon-a-posy. Create your own magic at covergirl.com. Easy Breezy Beautiful Cover Girl.
Washable waterproof mascara? Now that's remarkable! New improved remarkable washable waterproof mascara from Cover Girl. Now more smudge proof than ever. Washes off easily with soap and water. And just look at those lashes! Now that's remarkable.
If you’ve noticed that your teenager has become extremely hostile or depressed, is having problems at school, or shows other harmful or destructive behavior, then your child may have a problem. These behaviors may be the signal that your child has stopped growing up and started growing away. The Adolescent Program at CPC Hospitals is specifically designed to help young people identify and resolve their problems, providing each a healthier, happier life. So, if you even suspect it’s not just a phase, call your nearest CPC HOSPITAL. Call now. We can help.
You can't go too far to make a child smile. Crest is going all the way to Zimbabwe. And Brazil. And India. And Vietnam. Since 1994, Crest has provided educational materials to Health Volunteers Overseas. Its helped bring oral health to countries where dental care is hard to find. So for the children of Chegutu village, the world is no wider than a smile.
Get a dentist cleaning twice a year. Have a dentist clean feeling twice a day. Crest Spinbrush Pro. A better spin on clean
Introducing the soothing new Crest Advanced Care toothbrush. With multilevel cleaning bristles and soft massaging tips, it will caress your gums, and put you in the mood to brush. New crest Advanced Care - Open up and smile.
New Crest Complete Deep Clean.  You feel it working, so you know it’s working. And that means you’re ready for whatever the day brings.  Unlike ordinary toothpaste, you feel a deeper clean.  You’re also protected. With new Crest Complete, you know you’re covered.
Introducing the Crest Extender. Gentle Extender fibers clean deep between teeth. Now you can floss daily...extend between. Crest Extender. Fits between to get teeth clean.
Introducing Crest MultiCare Plus Extra Whitening. Two powerful toothpastes combined in one pump to help kill bacteria that cause bad breath and to help gently whiten your teeth. Leaving your breath feeling fresh. And letting your natural whiteness shine through. No wonder. Behind that healthy smile, there’s a Crest Kid.
It’s hard not to gravitate toward a brilliant white smile. That’s why Crest Whitestrips are so great. In just 14 days they get teeth noticeably whiter. That’s a guarantee. They’re simple little strips with a gel coating that contains the same enamel-safe whitening ingredient dentists use. 30 minutes twice a day is all it takes to get at stains below the enamel surface. Something whitening toothpastes just can’t do. CREST WHITESTRIPS.
Whiten on the way. Or on the plane. In the cab or even while checking email. Crest Whitestrips work easily into any routine. All it takes is 30 minutes, twice a day for two weeks for a noticeably whiter smile. Consider it multitasking. Crest Whitestrips. The secret to a whiter smile is in the strip.
Whiten while you color. Or while you apply makeup, blow-dry your hair or even shower. Crest Whitestrips work easily into any routine. All it takes is 30 minutes twice a day for two weeks for a noticeably whiter smile. Consider it multitasking. The secret to a whiter smile is in the strip.
22,000 dentists think enough of Crest White Strips to sell them in their offices. 15 million people have already tried them. 4 out of 5 will recommend them. Crest White Strips. The secret to a whiter smile is in the strip. Guaranteed.
Lots of things can give away your age – even your teeth. So whiten yours with new Crest White Strips Renewal, the age defying strips can remove up to 20 years of your toughest stains, letting you keep your age all to yourself.
If you suffer from severely dry skin, here's something you can finally feel good about. Curél Extreme Care. This full line of daily therapeutic skin care for face and body helps rebuild skin's natural moisture barrier and soothes irritated, red, itchy, dry skin. You can see the cure in Curél.
Heals like a cream. Feels like a lotion. If you’ve got extra-dry skin, get soft, get smooth. Get Curel.
With more than 10,000 locations and 4 million members worldwide, Curves offers something others can't: the support you need to reach your goals. Discover a gym where women change their lives… 30 minutes at a time.
A new breakthrough now with High-Response protection made for men. Degree, kicks-in in the clutch.
New Degree ultra clear. Formulated to go on clear, and stay clear. It's little black dress approved.
You already know you’re supposed to take care of your teeth. And you know what happens if you don’t. We know you’ve been meaning to call the dentist. You’re gonna call soon, really. There’s so much stuff to do before you call. Feed the dog, call your mother, and you need to research the dentist. Or you can do the smart thing, let 1-800 Dentist do the research for you. Come on, call 1-800 Dentist today.
Do you need extra conditioner for your hair? New DEP SHAMPOO PLUS CONDITIONER is the only all-in-one shampoo ... so you can add body and shine the healthy way. Make the most of what you’ve got ... get Dep, and get healthy!
2 hour meeting, 1 hour bladder. Can't wait to go to the bathroom? DETROL LA can help control those frequent, sudden urges. You may have a medical condition called overactive bladder. You're not alone. But there's help---DETROL LA.
New Dial Antibacterial Sanitizer kills 99% if germs instantly with the protection you trust most. No water necessary. No Towel required. Evaporates quickly. Leaves a cool fresh scent. So carry Dial protection with you wherever you go.
You’ve grown up. So should your acne medicine. having acne as an adult is no less embarrassing than having it as a teenager. Fortunately, there’s an acne medicine that can help you get the kind of positive results you’re looking for. Differin Gel is a prescription acne medicine that’s proven effective at clearing up pimples, whiteheads, and blackheads. So get the skin you’ve always dreamed of. Differin Gel can make the difference. Available only by prescription. Ask a dermatologist about Differin Gel today. Tough on acne. Gentle on you.
My life is not bound by being a woman. I’m interested in what I think is important. I hardly ever do the girly thing. I don’t go around thinking I look beautiful, but I think I am beautiful. I like my skin to be soft. So, I wash with DOVE. I’m happy with my skin and my life.
There are products made for sensitive skin. But there’s nothing quite like Sensitive Skin Dove -- it’s the mildest perfume-free sensitive skin bar ever made. No wonder Dove’s the one that dermatologists recommend most to keep your skin looking healthy and feeling soft. Dove. For the beauty that’s already there.
Who says you can't indulge your soft side every second of the day? Introducing a body wash that smoothes long after the shower. New Dove Ultra Moisturizing Body Wash.
Nut shells? Crushed pumice? Exactly how many layers of skin do you want to take off? Dove's daily exfoliating bar, with tiny blue beads, polishes skin gently. And conditions it with a quarter moisturizing lotion. Revealing beautiful new skin without scratching it.
Get the essentials now. New from Dove Face Introducing Essential Nutrients Day Lotion. Filled with a perfect blend of skin-loving nutrients. For purely moisturized skin that's so healthy it glows. Why wait any longer to try this light, luxurious treat for your face?
Is that you glowing or your skin? Try Dove Essential Nutrients Face Cream. A rich, luxurious cream for your face made with a perfect blend of essential nutrients plus vitamins, green tea extract and pure spring water. For moisturized skin that's so healthy it glows. Which will likely make you glow as well. Learn more at www.dove.com.
Let’s face it, firming the thighs of a size 2 supermodel is no challenge. Real women have real curves. And according to women who tried new Dove Firming, their skin felt firmer in just one week. What better way to celebrate the curves you were born with? New Dove Firming. For beautifully firm skin.
Our new shampoos do more than moisturize. They defy gravity. Dove introduces shampoos and conditioners with weightless moisturizers. A formula that thoroughly hydrates hair without weighing it down. Leaving hair soft, smooth and surprising light.
You can't see weightless moisturizers, but you can certainly see what they do. New Dove shampoos and conditioners with weightless moisturizers leave hair soft and smooth but not weighed down. You won't see them, but you'll definitely know they're there.
Shower your skin in luxury. Our rich moisture from cream and lush softening oil leaves your skin feeling Supreme-just like velvet. Dove Supreme Cream Oil Velvet Body Wash and Bar.
Ladies love Duke...and you'll love the look you get with it. Duke has the muscle to help you achieve hair that's sure to turn a few heads.
This is Bob. Bob is an idiot. Bob makes mistakes. A lot of them. Oh, Bob. He may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but despite all his faults, even an idiot like Bob knows he needs protection. Durex. Smart.
We understand that finding an effective weight loss program is difficult. So EDiets.com offers you the New Diet Solution. With EDiets.com, you’ll find the convenience you need in a program that not only helps you lose weight, but teaches you how to live a healthier lifestyle. So what are you waiting for? Log on today and experience the New Diet Solution for yourself at www.ediets.com. Ediets.com Losing weight has never been this EASY!
If your cold pill is so good, how come your cold symptoms keep coming back? Simple -- because your cold pill doesn’t work long enough. Introducing Efidac/24 -- the first twenty-four hour cold medication. Sudafed stops working after six hours; Tavist D quits after twelve. But just one Efidac/24 tablet gives you a full twenty-four hours of continuous, consistent cold symptom relief! Treat your next cold with medication that’s a genuine breakthrough in cold relief -- Efidac/24. Use only as directed.
Not enough relief from your cold pill? Your pill doesn’t work long enough. Only Efidac works 24 hours. Other pills last 6 hours or 12. One Efidac relieves colds 24 hours. EFIDAC 24 -- enough cold relief for 24 hours.
We live in a stressful world. Some estimates say up to 80% of all doctor visits are stress related. Here at Escape Day Spa we believe taking care of your mind and body isn't just a luxury - it's a necessity. Unwind. Feel pressures disappear through massage therapy, a relaxing facial, or a rejuvinating skin peel. Our skilled therapists will cater to your specific needs. Take care of yourself. And escape.
The best tootsies this summer will be twined and wrapped enveloped in sashes, laces and ties of whimsically wonderful shoes. Add the perfect finish with Essie's new summer shades and you'll be colorful from tip to toe. Available at all fine salons.
As you smooth it on, tiny lines seem to disappear. Then you feel the light, silky comfort. And soon you realize that Futurist is more than wonderful makeup. It’s refirming, remoisturizing skincare. With a gentle SPF 15, plus Anti-Oxidant Vitamins E and C. To help skin look younger, more vibrant now, and years from now. In shades from soft ivory to mahogany. The future never looked so promising. From Estee Lauder.
Minute Makeup Creme Stick Foundation. Just swivel up, stripe, and blend. This silky, non-oily gelcreme foundation gives you adjustable coverage you can take anywhere, wear as a full makeup or a quick touch-up. Moisturizing, it protects with natural SPF 15. Your best face in a minute. By Estee Lauder.
Beautiful skin...No waiting. Young or old. Oily or dry. Every skin can look smoother and more radiant with Fruition Extra. Within an hour, this world-famous multi-hydroxy formula starts working gently to even out skin color and texture, sweep away dry patches, reduce oiliness. And reveal the beautiful skin beneath. Fruition Extra Multi-Action Complex from Estee Lauder.
Light as air and so incredibly soft. Smooths to a silky powder. Feels like you're wearing nothing at all. Estee Lauder. Ideal Matte.
Follow the rhythm this spring with Estee Lauder. Let it lead you to primal new shades of jungle orchid, deep orange and rich burgundy. Primitive Instinct- go a little wild at Estee Lauder.
Say so long to short lashes. Introducing Futurist Lash extending Mascara. Now "grow" longer-looking lashes quickly and easily. With the exclusive precision brush and unique lash-extending formula of Futurist, you can sweep on glamorous length and volume to each and every lash-without flaking, clumping or smudging.
Here’s the fast track to thick lashes. New Magna Scopic Maximum Volume Mascara. Magnify your lashes ­ in a flash. Expandex formula expands lashes up to 300% thicker. Exclusive speed meterbrush hugs each lash with super charged color. It¹s formula one for incredible lashes. Estee Lauder. Defining Beauty.
Completely satisfy your skin with the feeling of endless hydration. New Estee Lauder Hydra Complete Multi-Level Moisturizers. Mineral-rich bio-water immediately quenches skin's deepest thirst. Want more? Our exclusive Hydra-Insulation technology helps control the way skin attracts, holds onto and rebalances the water it needs to stay soft, smooth and absolutely revitalized 24/7.
Exclamation fragrance for women. Make A Statement Without Saying a Word.
Choosing a good physician is one of the most important things you can do for yourself and for your family. But how do you find the right one? By asking a friend you can trust. And in Fairfield County, that’s FAIRFIELD COUNTY GENERAL HOSPITAL. Our medical staff includes the finest physicians found anywhere. Educated and trained at some of the nation’s finest medical institutions and located right here in Fairfield County, they represent more than 30 medical specialties.
excited, tempting, upbeat. Its out there, Feria Extra Bleach Blonde. Blonder than Blonde. Maximum lightening in one simple step. Un-matte. Un-flat. Un-believable color. Creamy formula won’t wreck of ravage hair. So blonde, it’s a new language of color. Feria by Loreal – because you’re worth it.
Have you been suffering from wide spread aches and pains in multiple body areas? Like your neck, shoulders, back, pelvis, and knees? If so, you may be suffering from a chronic pain condition called FIBRO MYALGIA (FIBRO-MI AL SHIA). That’s why we’re conducting a medical research study for those at least 18 who have felt this way for 3 months or longer. To see if you qualify Please call: 1-866-999-7474 or visit Myfibrostudy.com. That’s 1-866-999-7474.
Sure all these OTC and prescription allergy medicines are approved for pollen, but some are not approved for pet dander and dust, others are not approved for smoke, only Flonase is approved to reduce the nasal symptoms form all these triggers. For best results use daily. Side affects are generally mild and may include headache, nosebleed and soar throat. Ask your doctor about Flonase for all these triggers. All it takes is Flonase.
Using multi-symptom FLONASE nasal spray once a day can help relieve all these nasal allergy symptoms -- nasal congestion, sneezing, and itchy runny nose -- all day and night. Results may vary. If side effects occur, they are generally mild and may include headache, nosebleed, or sore throat. For best results, use daily. Maximum relief may take several days. Available by prescription only. Ask your doctor about multi-symptom FLONASE or call 1-800-FLONASE, or visit www.flonase.com.
Now that the flu season is here, it’s important that you know about the new medicine called “Flu Away.” ‘Flu Away’ goes right to the very cause of the flu...attacking the flu virus itself. “Flu away should be started within the first two days of symptoms. To learn more call 1-800 flu-away or visit www.fluaway.com or see our add in Health World Magazine. ‘Flu Away’ helping you get through the flu season. There’s nothing better.
In a perfect world, sun, pollution and stress would never affect your skin. Would you settle for a little closer to perfect? Introduce your skin to Freeman Vitamin C Complex Moisturizer with SPF 15.
Fashion is constantly changing. And today, changing the color of your eyes is as easy as changing your makeup. The fact is, many women with perfect vision often think about what it would be like to have green eyes, blue eyes, or even gray eyes. So what’s stopping you? You’ll never know how great color contacts look until you try them. It’s easy...with Freshlook Eyes! Ask your optometrist.
Leave frizz behind. Frizz-Ease Hair Serum tames even the most disobedient hair. Just run a few drops through wet hair and you'll see an amazing transformation. Frizzies and fly-aways are instantly smoothed away, leaving you with well-defined curls or a pin-straight style. Always with a high-gloss shine. Whether you have dry, wiry or fine hair, there's a Frizz-Ease Serum perfect for you-available in Original, Extra-Strength and Lite Formulas. Frizz-Ease Prescriptive Haircare.
Deny frizz the power to ruin your day. Introducing a shampoo and conditioner that treat frizzy hair from the inside out: New Fizz-Ease shampoo. Troublesome hair becomes silky-soft, healthy, and willing to obey your every command.
Ok, the hair needed a little change. Nothing crazy. So I picked up Garnier Lumia. It's different because it permanently brightens your natural hair color, without dramatically changing it. Garnier Lumia. It’s like your real hair…just a little different.
Gerber brings grins and giggles to bath time. No fuss, No tears Just fun washes shampoos and lotions with gentle natural ingredients for cuddly soft skin. Shouldn’t your baby be a Gerber baby?
Last night, my wife said to me, “Honey, you are irresistible.” Naturally, I didn’t disagree. We’ve got a lot going for us. Like for one thing -- good health. I mean, we eat right, exercise, and we take Geritol every day. With GERITOL, we’re sure of getting enough iron ... iron that’s basic to good health, and some very important vitamins. My wife and I, we don’t make a lot of money, but we’ve got our health, and when you’ve got your health, you’ve got just about everything.
Whether you’re a taxi driver, a teacher, or a Wall Street broker -- GHI has you covered. With GHI, you can choose from the broadest network of primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals. Which is why nearly 2 million people and 20,000 New York businesses choose GHI for their healthcare. For 60 years, we’ve been giving people the quality health coverage they deserve. GHI, we put the care back in healthcare.
What is it about pink that makes you feel so good? Introducing Passion Pink Venus. From Gillette. It shaves you so close, your skin stays smoother, longer. Gillette Venus. Reveal the goddess in you.
Imagine a natural supplement that can actually help you think better. Ginkoba is a unique daily supplement that’s clinically shown to offset the momentary forgetfulness, loss of concentration, or mental “fog” we can all experience from time to time. Ginkoba is an easy-to-take, easily digestible supplement that contains no caffeine or sugar. And it’s safe and natural. So remember Ginkoba. The Thinking Person’s Supplement.
For those who don’t settle for average results, GNC Pro Performance 100% Whey Protein is the protein supplement of choice. It delivers the protein essential for muscle support after the most grueling workouts with one of the highest quality proteins available. You expect the best – get at GNC, the undisputed leader in sports nutrition.
If you don’t go for one more rep, why bother? (GNC) Pro Performance Distance. Refuel your body.
You choose the attitude, we help you create it. Got 2 B - attitude for hair.
H2O Plus unlocks the power of the sea to replenish, repair, and renew skin with powerful marine extracts and scientifically advanced formulas. Our refreshing, marine-infused bath formulas soothe body and mind with invigorating scents of aquatic florals, crisp sea grass, and refreshing mint — for a luxurious spa experience.
Director Notes:
Male or Female
Please read the appropriate gender script noting the descriptions on the script and taking note
of the timing. No need to read the announcer VO at the end, just the Guy/Girl lines.
RADIO
MIRROR (MALE) :20
Guy: (Talking quietly, sounds very genuine, but as the spot progresses, his voice gets more upbeat and giddy)
Hey...you look...you look good. Really good! I mean, I'm always impressed when I see you so I shouldn't be so surprised, but l just can't believe how good you look!
But I have to admit, it all makes perfect sense. After all, l did just go to First Choice Haircutters.
And you know what? Happy looks good on me.
VO: Find a First Choice Haircutters salon today at FirstChoice.com.
MIRROR (FEMALE) :20
Girl: (Starts off with a woman talking softly to herself, but as the spot progresses, her voice gets more upbeat and giddy)
Hey, it's cool, you can check it out. lt's okay to take a look. And don't worry about staring, I totally get it. How could anybdy be expected not to? lt looks great. But I shouldn't be so surprised.
After all, l did just visit First Choice Haircutters, and you know what? Happy does look good on me.
VO: Find a First Choice Haircutters salon today at FirstChoice.com.
I love to eat pretzels...but I don't like feeling like one.. all twisted and knotted up. But that's just the way I was feeling after years of football, baseball and pick up basketball games. Some days it was hard just getting out of bed in the morning! I knew I had to do something about the way I was feeling.
That's why I decided to call Harmony Chiropractic, the Northeast leader in the treatment of sports related injuries and chiropractic care. The initial consultation was free, and the knowledgeable, friendly staff was quickly able to develop a plan of care that has gotten me on the road to recovery. In fact, I was feeling a lot better after just one visit!
Call 1-866-555-3569 to schedule your free consultation today. Trust me, your body will thank you.
Hmmmmm, now, where did I leave those pretzels???
Harmony Chiropractic...working to keep your body in tune.
The lengths we've gone to. The things we've tried! Go straight to the source with Advanced Head & Shoulders. It's moisturizing formula nourishes hair from scalp to tip.
Does your dandruff and oily hair make you feel so embarrassed you wanna disappear? Try Head and Shoulders Citrus Breeze. It fights dandruff and helps control excess oil. For hair that's free of visible flakes, light, and beautiful. Head and Shoulders Citrus Breeze.
I’m here to tell you about a better HMO-Plan from Blue Shield … It’s called “Health Plus”. While ordinary HMO plans give you low cost, they also limit you to the doctors you can see. But with Health-Plus, you’ll get the low cost of an HMO, but with the option to see any doctor, anywhere, at anytime. Call 1-800-459-PLUS, or ask your employer for more information. Health-Plus … Low Cost … Any Doctor … only from Blue Shield.
What’s new at health.com this month? Join the Fight. This month’s Health hero is Nancy Davis, a woman dedicated to aiding multiple sclerosis research. Join the fight against the debilitating disease by going to Health.com and clicking on “Mind/Body.” You’ll learn more about the condition, whom it affect, and what you can do to help. Relationship Burnout. You may have realized lately that you need a break from your rut. If your love life seems out of control, visit Health.com and click on “Relationships” to see if a sabbatical is the answer for you. Aromatherapy 101. This month on page 31, you’ll learn how floral-scented dryer sheets can soothe stress. Log on to Health.com and click on “Beauty” to find out how candles, fragrances and other aromatherapy products can help you rev up, wind down or get a good night’s sleep.
It seems no matter where you go, people are hearing about Clairol’s Herbal Essence's shampoo. Hearing about the all-natural botanicals, the organic herbs and pure mountain water. But what impresses them the most is how much people love their hair. Herbal Essences, a totally organic experience!
Great news! The baby shape diapers - Huggies Supreme diapers, curve - just like your baby. Now there's a whole new way to stop leaks. Triple leak protection. Get a triple hug from improved Huggies Supreme. Nothing hugs like Huggies.
Obviously, the guy who invented super-absorbent diapers never tried swimming in one. Huggies Little Swimmers swimpants with leakguards protect like a diaper, but won’t swell up and drag you down like one. That’s why Little Swimmers make the water big fun!
Until you’ve been at the mall on the day after Christmas with a potty trainer in a snow suit who just super-sized it you just wouldn’t understand. Introducing new Huggies pull-up training pants with easy open sides.
Surround yourself in softness. New Huggies have an outer cover that’s so very soft. Now, Huggies UltraTrim diapers have a softer way to help stop leaks: a cloth-like outer cover. New Huggies are so huggably gentle and soft to the touch, they’re sure to change the way you feel about diapers. HUGGIES ULTRASOFT, Soft Quilted Cover!
I can’t believe I ate the whole thing
Ralph:  I can’t believe I ate the whole thing.
Wife:  You ate it Ralph.
Ralph:  I can’t believe I ate the whole thing.
Wife:  No Ralph, I ate it.
Ralph:  I can’t believe I ate the whole thing.
Wife:  Take two Alka-Seltzer.
Announcer:  Alka-Seltzer neutralizes all the acid your stomach has churned out.  For your upset stomach and headache take Alka-Seltzer and feel better fast.
Wife:  Did you drink your Alka-Seltzer?
Ralph:  The whole thing!
Imitrex is a prescription medicine created specifically for the acute treatment of migraine attacks in adults. You should not take IMITREX if you have certain types of heart or blood vessel disease, a history of stroke or TIAs, or uncontrolled blood pressure. Very rarely, certain people, even some without heart disease have had serious heart related problems.
I can’t believe my alarm didn’t go off! I’m late for work, there’s no time for coffee, I forgot to pick up my dry-cleaning, and where in the world is my other shoe! I’m glad I’m smart enough to use Infusium 23. Because even when it seems like everything that could possibly goes wrong, does, at least my hair looks great doing it. Infusium 23.
Now there's a solution to the soap-opera of shaving. Introducing Intuition. The only all-in-one razor that lathers and shaves in one easy step. You'll never need shave gel, soap or body wash again, because Intuition's triple blades are surrounded by a unique Skin Conditioning Solid. With just water, it smooths and soothes to give you soft, smooth, touchable skin with every shave. Shaving's never been so simple.
Your smile says you’re happy, confident. But, if you’re uncomfortable with your teeth, your smile could be saying just the opposite. Fortunately, there’s Invisalign. The clear alternative to braces that’s comfortable and removable for eating and brushing. Straighten your teeth little by little until a new smile emerges. Join the millions at Invisalign.com and arrange a free, no obligation consultation with an experienced Invisalign provider and let the world see the real you. Invisalign. Learn how to smile again.
I jog every day, cause being healthy is important to me. And using natural products like Ivory, well, that’s a part of it. Ivory’s a natural soap -- it doesn’t have a lot of perfumes and deodorants, and I like that. Ivory gets me naturally clean.
In a clinical study, a dermatologist proved that a skin care routine that included Ivory Moisture Care Beauty Bar protected against moisture loss during bathing. So gentle and non-irritating, it actually improved the condition of even a baby’s skin. Beautiful skin comes in all sizes. Find out for yourself. Ivory Moisture Care. Original Ivory still available.
Inside of me lives a little girl who was fierce and bold and completely free. Now I’m the one people depend on. But that little girl...I know she’s still there, because I’ll always be an Ivory girl. That’s Ivory. Still 99.44% pure. Pure clean. Pure beautiful. Pure me. ... Forever fresh...classic Ivory clean.
It’s a totally new Jane… Megabites Glossy Gloss. Tasty, mega-fresh color drenched in mouthwatering, high-shine gloss. Just swoosh it on and pucker up! Make yourself up with Jane.
There’s something about a Janelle Pretemp woman. It’s not how she looks ... it’s not how she walks. It’s not how she smiles ... it’s not how she talks. But, when you’re near a Janelle Pretemp woman, you know it. The fragrance of springtime in Paris ... irresistible. JANELLE PRETEMP ... almost too beautiful to bear.
All the parts of your body will love Jergens Ultrahealing Lotion, with the unique hydralux system that smoothes and hydrates like no other moisturizer. Jergens. Love your body.
Does your facial moisturizer feel like a heavy mask? Introducing new Jergens Protective Moisture Lotion enriched with vitamin E. It helps protect against damaging UVA and UVB rays with SPF-15. So light you forget it's even there. New Jergens Face Care. Nourishment for your face.
Lock baby softness into your skin. New JOHNSON’S Baby Oil with Lavender helps keep your skin naturally glowing and feeling as soft as a baby’s. When used on wet skin, it provides a protective layer that helps lock in moisture, leaving your skin feeling irresistibly baby soft.
My Jennifer feels wonderful in the morning, because every night I protect her from irritating diaper rash with JOHNSON’S BABY POWDER. Pure, gentle baby powder guarantees to prevent diaper rash when it’s used at every diaper change. And only JOHNSON’S can make that promise. For my Jennifer, it has to be JOHNSON’S BABY POWDER.
All too soon there’ll be ballet lessons and boys at the front door, but for now, just Johnson Baby her, with Johnson’s Baby Shampoo. Clinically proven to be as gentle to her eyes as pure water and the number one choice of hospitals. The ways of the world can wait now -- while you can protect them, shelter them, JOHNSON’S BABY them.
Peter doesn’t cry when I shampoo his hair. He trusts me not to let anything hurt. That’s why I always use Johnson’s Baby Shampoo. It’s no-more tear lather doesn’t irritate his eyes the way soap and regular shampoo can. It gets his hair so nice and clean. Now just look at you. Your hair’s all squeaky clean. With Johnson’s No-more Tears Baby Shampoo.
Turn you baby's bath into a lullaby. Nothing helps settle down a fussy baby like a warm bath and Johnson's Bedtime Bath. Let the soothing scent of lavender and chamomile help calm your baby down just before bedtime. Johnson's Bedtime Bath. Not just gentle. Johnson's gentle.
Unpredictable in Spirit pure in essence. Exquisite in its delicacy. Discover its Unexpected nature.
One Part oil. One part you. Create a fragrance as unique as your fingerprint. Express your individuality.
The freshness of ginseng captured in a new energizing fragrance for men. Jovan Ginseng N.R.G. When the energy is right.
Saturday night dinner ended with Sunday Breakfast. Was it Just for Men? Shampoos away gray hair in 5 easy minutes. Rejuvenates hair. Who knows...just might rejuvenate your social life.
Keri Lotion is the second nicest thing I brought home from the hospital. When I heard doctors recommending Keri, I knew it had to be different from ordinary lotion, and I’m glad I took their advice. Since I started using KERI LOTION everyday, my skin is so smooth and soft, just like Allison’s. Keri is skin care you can trust.
Go ahead and pucker up -- a smooch won't transmit the sniffles, according to experts.  Your mouth contains natural defenses such as antibodies and enzymes that make it hard for cold viruses to set up shop.  Rhinovirus, the germ responsible for the majority of colds, prefers to hang out on your hands and in your nose, says Barry Stade, PhD., director of the department of clinical virology at Paterson University Medical Center.  So unless you rub noses when you kiss or hold hands and then immediately wipe your nose, it's safe to smooch when you're sick.
Presenting Kotex Ultra Thins with Wings. Want a better way to stay dry? Only Kotex Ultra This with Wings have a Comfort-Dry top sheet. Its double sided design makes it 3 times drier than the leading brand. There’s even a unique Safety Zone that helps prevent leaks. Because when it comes too comfortable protection, drier is definitely better. Kotex Ultra This with Wings.
Want a better way to stay dry? Only Kotex Ultra Thins with Wings have a comfort-dry top sheet. Because when it comes to comfortable protection, drier is definitely better. Kotex Ultra Thins with Wings.
Having one of those move-it-over-a-notch-or-two kind of days? At least you've got one ultra-thin accessory during your period. Improved Kotex Ultra Thins. Dual layers, better protection. Securing your designer diva status.
L'Oreal paris 8 hour wear platinum shine new endless platinum comfortable 8-hour lipcolour. 10 new shades with a platinum shimmering effect. Because you're worth it.
New skin-smoothing technology for a 100% Natural-Looking Tan. New Sublime Bronze Exclusive Skin-Smoothing Self-Tanners. With Vitamin E and AHA formulas smooth skin on contact. Beautiful, even bronze. Never orange or streaky. In SPF 15 Lotion, Tinted Lotion, and Gelee. Because you're worth it.
Puzzle solved. The first makeup to precisely match your skin's texture and tone. New true match super blendable makeup. As close to your skin as a makeup can get. Because you're worth it.
A delectable treat for lips that shines on and on. The sheer pleasure of a lipstick with just-picked juicy sweetness. RESULT: Delicious lips with lasting shine. In 12 ripe shades.
Colour wears all day. Water takes it away. New Magicils colour on, splash off length and long mascara. Lengthen your lashes and envelop them in vibrant colour that wears for 12 hours. Smudge-proof, flake-proof. Magic! With just warm water, Magicils virtually disappears from your lashes. Lancome. Believe in beauty.
Wish you could stop wasting your time shaving? Do you want to remove an unwanted tatoo? Would you rather not have to treat your acne and other skin blemishes with pills and creams? There is a way. And it is safe and convenient. The Laser at the Suburban Aesthetics Center removes hair, tatoos, acne veins, rosacia and other skin blemishes. For more information, call.....
Advanced formula Legatrin PM was developed just for you. Because each easy to swallow coated caplet has a special combination of extra-strength pain reliever for those aches and pains. Plus a time-tested agent to help you fall asleep quickly and stay asleep soundly. So try a caplet at bedtime and have a restful night with Legatrim.
Lever 2000. Because one person wants soft-feeling skin, and another, great smelling skin, and another, clean skin. And they're all in your family! Lever 2000. For all you family's 2000 parts.
All fresh. All soft. All day. Now your 2000 parts can hang all day. Lever 2000. All day fresh.
Introducing something new from Lever 2000. Lever 2000 Anti-bacterial bar. Germs on your hands can come from your nose. Germs on your ankles can come from your toes. Like other anti-bacterial soaps, Lever 2000 kills germs. But, we have more moisturizer. So your skin will feel better too. Germs on your head can come from your wrist. Germs on your face can come from a kiss. So use LEVER 2000 ANTI-BACTERIAL BAR on all your 2000 parts. Keeps moisture in. Keeps germs out.
Part 422 may not feel perfect to you, but to her its soft, smooth & just right. For 2000 perfectly touchable parts there's Lever 2000 Moisture Response. It not only cleans but has a targeted moisturizer that goes where your skin needs it most. Lever 2000 Moisture Response (laugh/giggle) for all the best parts of life.
Lipitor, the number one prescribed medication for lowering cholesterol. In clinical studies, Lipitor with diet was proven to lower bad cholesterol by 30 to 60 percent, total cholesterol, 29 to 45 percent, triglycerides 19 to 37 percent. Lipitor is not for everyone, including those with liver disease or possible liver problems, women who are nursing, pregnant or may become pregnant. Tell your doctor about muscle pain or weakness, as these may be signs of serious side effects. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for more information on Lipitor.
For 2 out of 3 adults with high cholesterol, diet and exercise may not lower it enough. But adding Lipitor can lower your total cholesterol 29% to 45%. Lipitor is not for everyone, including people with liver disease or possible liver problems and women who are nursing, pregnant or may become pregnant.
C'mon! You can do it. Just 30 seconds of Listerine. Think of all the germs you're killing. Listerine even kills the germs that cause plaque and gingivitis. See? You can handle it. Germs can't. Listerine, worth the time, every time.
Talk about your liver lately? Of course not! But how are you feeling? A Little run down? Sluggish? That's because of all those toxins in your system. Face it, you don't always eat properly. Maybe last night's drink is still in your system. Or you've been taking medication. And what about all that pollution? Your liver can eliminate these toxins, if it is functioning properly. It's the body's main filter. Keep it clean and working properly with Liverite … the ultimate liver aid. Liverite is the all natural detoxifier and cleanser that helps your liver cope with toxins, medications and alcohol. Your liver is the key to better health and better energy. Take Liverite to maintain healthy liver function. Call 888 - 425 - LIVE. That's 888 425 - L-I-V-E. On the web its Liver - I-T-E.com.
What’s the latest forecast? With Fade-Resistance Preference from Loreal, our color is clear and bright for up to eight weeks. The all weather fade system shields from sun and wind – keeping color true – so it won’t fade out. And a weekly conditioner, so it won’t dry out. Fade Resistance Preference by Loreal.
Now, precisely match your skin’s tone and texture even better. New True Match super-blendable powder in 24 skin true shades. Now True Match Powder has New Precise Match Technology. Micro-milled pigments so ultra-blendable, your skin looks flawless and natural all day. Let your skin be the star. Because you’re worth it. LOREAL Paris.
Your moisturizer shouldn’t make you feel clammy all over. That’s what first dates are for. Lubriderm’s clean moisture formula is a hardworking, fast-absorbing lotion that would never dream of feeling clammy or greasy. That must be why it’s the #1 leading moisturizer recommended by dermatologists.
Some moisturizers act like your ex-boyfriend. A little too clingy. Lubriderm’s clean moisture formula is a hardworking, fast-absorbing lotion that helps get rid of dry, ashy skin without feeling greasy or clingy. That must be why it’s the #1 moisturizer recommended by dermatologists. Lubriderm. See you later alligator.
Natural hair to luxurious silk
Now you can transform anytime, from natural to silky straight, without the chemical
commitment of a relaxer
Get the best of both worlds
With Luster's Pink Glosser
10 natural ingredients combine to protect and nourish your hair
Just apply, blow dry and silken your way to luxurious softness
So go ahead
Start a true love affair
With
Your
Hair
Luster's Pink. It's an everyday thing.
Created by Nina Ricci, L’Air du Temps is the gold standard for elegance and romance at its grandest. L’Air du Temps idealizes in fragrance the French expression “the mood of the moment.”
Can a lipcolor last up to 8 hours? New Endless Lipcolor by L'Oreal. 24 Beautiful shades. No touchups. No dryouts. L’Oreal. Because your worth it.
Now, go beyond protection...to revitalized color. New Excellence Creme with ceramide and protein. Revitalizes for rich, healthy color. Provides extra protection against damage. Absolutely doesn’t drip. For superior gray coverage. L’Oreal. Because you’re worth it.
Cool. Captivating. Outrageously rich color. Colors you’ll find in the French Eye Accents collection. Twelve supremely sophisticated L’Oreal cream-on shadows that are all waterproof. Crease proof. And mistake proof. FRENCH EYE ACCENTS. Rich has never been so outrageous. By L’OREAL.
The key to healthy hair is moisture balance. So L’Oreal created a Hydra-Protein formula that actually protects this delicate balance. All with no oils, no heaviness. The result is hair so natural it shines. So healthy it shows. New L’Oreal Hydra-Protein shampoo...for a healthier you.
Never before has our quick-dry nail color shined so bright. New Jet-Set Shine Speed Dry Nail Enamel. New Shine-Lock technology seals in longer lasting shine. Calcium-fortified formula adds strength. Stronger nails and incredible shine in Jet-Set time. L'Oreal. Because you're worth it.
L’Oreal presents MEGA SPRITZ from Studio Line. Artful hold. Lift and control. Any way you want. Museum quality. From L’Oreal. Because you’re worth it.
"New SuperGlide formula builds thicker, fuller lashes... And the Double-Comb Brush keeps them perfectly separated. So no clumps! The look? Absolutely intense. BECAUSE YOU'RE WORTH IT!" --- L'oreal Paris Lash Intensifique.
New Visable Lift Line Minimizing Makeup with Pro-Retinol A. Finally. A makeup that really covers those little laugh lines. And really helps them disappear. With soft, line-minimizing coverage instantly, and actual line reduction in 30 days. So now when you put on your makeup-the years don’t come back. Now that’s a Visible Lift. You can see it, you can feel it, and you’re worth it.
(Female: deep, a little sultry): Thicker, fuller brows.  Two easy steps to "wow."
---
(clear pronunciation, upbeat): Allergy relief is just a minute-clinic visit away.  Find a Minute Clinic near you at minuteclinic.com.
A smile. A glance. A gesture. Without a word, you make your presence known.
New Maxfactor Lipfinity Everlites. Ever so soft, ever so light, ever so long lasting. Maxfactor. The make-up of make-up artists.
Color Me Naughty. Color Me Nice. Now there’s a gloss for both sides of you. Introducing the MAXalicious Gloss Collection in naughty or nice shades. Collect them all to express your dueling personalities.
Feast our eyes on the new Maxeye Collection. A luscious, lashous collection: wet/dry shadow trios, dual applicators, perfecting mascara and precision liners. High fashion, high-design indulgences from the new Max Factor. Tempted? Max Factor . . . makeup, maximized.
Want wetter than wet lips? Liquify! High shine liquifying color gloss plus dazzling melted diamond shine. Glides on slick, never sticky. Add some flash to the splash! New Wet Shine Diamonds Liquid. Maybe she's born with it. Maybe it's Maybelline.
At last. Stay-put liquid makeup is morning-fresh...day to night. EverFresh stay-put makeup won't let you down! Slips on smooth...feels light. Looks flawlessly natural, way past five! Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's Maybelline.
Maybelline Express Makeup. 3 in 1. Glides on liquid smooth. Dots on to conceal. Finishes powder-light. For a no-fuss natural look that lasts all day.
New Express Makeup 3-in-1 from Maybelline. One lightweight stick that does three things quick. It glides on liquid smooth. Dots on to conceal. Finishes powder-light. For a no-fuss natural look. New Express makeup 3-in-1. From Maybelline. It's makeup - made easy. (Jingle: "Maybe she's born with it. Maybe it's Maybelline")
Are lashes this long legal? Maybelline introduces new ILLEGAL LENGTHS MASCARA. It makes lashes long, longer, longest! Take your lashes beyond their limits ... make your lashes so long it’s positively scandalous!
Some women have lips as smooth as they talk. So supple – So luscious, they make anything sound fascinating. Revitalizing color lipstick from Maybelline. Color that stays true for hours. Only…from Maybelline.
New Volume Seduction XL Lip Plumper. The most voluptuous lips ever! The truth is in the tingle, the proof is in the pout. Plump up your lips...up to 30% more! Maybelline New York. Maybe she’s born with it. Maybe it’s Maybelline.
Want high volume lashes? Go express! New volume express mascara from Maybelline. Up to triple the volume, in a quick, clean sweep The new anti-clump brush builds volume instantly, without the clumps. New volume express
New Moisture Lipstick from Maybelline actually boosts the moisture level of lips. All day. So color stays luscious. And if that doesn’t seduce you, the formula is vitamin enriched. So the more you use it, the smoother your lips become. In 36 shades of reds, browns, and pales to lust after. Maybelline Moisture Lipstick does for your lips what the French did for the kiss.
The lingerie? Unimportant. The shoes? Who cares. The dress? Forget it! Accessorize what really matters, with Slim Elegance Lipstick. Twelve smooth, sensuous colors that make lips sizzle. SLIM ELEGANCE ... smart ... and beautiful ... by Maybelline.
Introducing new True Illusion Makeup. It’s a whole new reason to wear makeup. A look that’s flawless yet makeup-free. A Maybelline beauty breakthrough makes it happen. You’ll know True Illusion is different as soon as it floats across your face. It releases color weightlessly, evenly, subtly concealing flaws. To create a new kind of natural that’s perfectly you.
When cancer strikes, we strike back. As the nation’s top-ranked cancer center, MD Anderson continues to pioneer new approaches in cancer treatment. Using the latest genetics-based research, we can develop targeted treatments, personalized to the individual patient. At MD Anderson Cancer Center, we’re focused on Making Cancer History®. To learn more about how we’re raising the bar for cancer care worldwide, or to make an appointment, call 1-877-695-0835 or visit MakingCancerHistory.com.
They say you can't put a price on your health. Try telling that to someone who needs prescription drugs to stay healthy, and isn't covered by a good prescription plan. But help has arrived. It's called Your Plan, a Merc Medco/Reader's Digest program that can save you up to 40 percent on brand name drugs. This is not insurance, so you can't be turned down for health reasons, and you don't fill out forms or submit claims. Just show your membership card at participating local pharmacies. It's that simple. Call 1-800-988-1947, and tell us what medications you want to pay less for. You'll get an instant price quote and learn if you're eligible. Call now for a free 90-day trial membership. Don't wait to save money on _your medications. Call 1-800-988-1947. That's 1-800-988-1947, for your free trial membership to Your Plan.
A Life's calling. Nurses @ Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center collaborate with the world's most distinguished practitioners in cancer care. Our professional practice model enables nurses to affect patient outcomes by empowering them with more autonomy and providing an atmosphere of mutual respect and unparalleled excellence. Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.
Introducing a fever reducer that works through the night, so your child can sleep through the night. New Children’s Motrin. The only non-prescription fever remedy that works up to 8 hours. NEW CHILDREN’S MOTRIN -- the 8-hour breakthrough in breaking high fever.
Right now, you could be one of over 20 million American men who feel helpless, because you’re impotent. And you don’t think there’s anything you can do about it. But it may be treated with a therapy called MUSE. In clinical studies, MUSE was successful in about 50% of men with severe impotence. To find out more about MUSE, and whether it’s right for you, ask your doctor, urologist, or pharmacist, or call 1-888-367-MUSE. You may be able to change your life, if you want to.
MY BODY SHOTS
A new drink to support your active livestyle,…
7 great tasting vitamin enhanced rehydration shots.
At work, travel, play or when you’re feeling down…
MY BODY SHOTS will help you and your family
STAY HEALTHY, STAY HYDRATED AND STAY HAPPY.
MY BODY SHOTS available now!!
Suddenly, shaving seems like a waste of time. You can get smooth, silky legs in 4 minutes. With Nair Quick ‘n Easy 4 minute formula. No nicks, cuts or stubble. It moisturizes your skin, and lasts days longer than shaving. Isn’t it time to make Nair part of your regular beauty routine?
Nicks. Cuts. Stubble. Trouble. Say Goodbye to the blade, babe. Nothing works like four minute Nair. Nair lotion…the #1 choice.
The Natural Advantage® 2-step process. Step 1 in the morning is the Daily Cleansing Gel for All Day Moisture. Step 2 in the evening is the amazing nighttime renewal complex--cosmetpseutical strength retinol delivered gently to your skin through our patented micro-sponge system. It works while you sleep.
Slick on a burst of fresh squeezed flavor and amazing ...., for the most delicious lips ever! Naturistics Sweet Treats. What a sweet way to shine!
Here's the first body scrub that gives you smooth skin and clear skin. Neutrogena body clear body scrub. It's acne-fighting ingredient plus gentle micro-beads smooth rough bumpy skin. And treats, even helps prevent breakouts. Neutrogena body clear body scrub.
Wear something silky after the shower. Neutrogena Body Oil. Smooth it on shower-damp skin. Its delicately light sesame formula instantly vanishes into skin, sealing in moisture. You’re left feeling sensual, soft, and silky. Neutrogena. The sensual moisturizer.
Wear something silky after the shower. Smooth it on shower-damp skin. Its delicately light sesame formula instantly vanishes into skin, sealing in moisture. You’re left feeling sensual, soft and silky. Neutrogena Body Oil, the sensual moisturizer.
A hint of color. A healthy glow. A golden tan. Finally build the tan most natural for you. New Build-A-Tan Sunless Tanner. The sunless tanning breakthrough that lets you control the shade of your tan by how often you apply. Totally natural by Neutrogena. #1 Dermatologist Recommended Suncare Brand.
Washing your face is totally boring, right? WRONG. New Neutrogena Deep Clean Invigorating Ultra Foam Cleanser has a tingly cool ultra-foam that is so exhilarating, you feel totally energized. A powerful rush to your senses, deep down to your pores. Totally not boring.
Now there’s a lipstick that’s beautiful and beneficial. New Neutrogena Flash-Lip Color. Clinically shown to improve the condition of your lips every time you wear it Softer, smoother, flush with color. Your lips never felt this beautiful. Beautiful and beneficial. Neutrogena.
Neutrogena hand cream, developed in Norway for Arctic fisherman to protect their hands. Five years of clinical tests prove it works better at rapidly healing dry skin and at retaining moisture longer. That's why it's trusted by dermatologists. Neutrogena hand cream. It works better.
Skin-improving beauty. Neutrogena healthy skin make-up improves the condition of your skin every time you wear it. Improves with pro-retinol. Softens with pro-vitamin B5, aloe, and chamomile. Recommended number one by dermatologists. Neutrogena. Beautiful and beneficial.
Long-lasting shine. Never sticky. Neutrogena Moisture Shine Gloss. Neutrogena - beautiful and beneficial.
Neutrogena Pore Refining Cleanser lets you visibly reduce the appearance of pores just by washing your face. First, it sweeps away dead surface skin and refines rough, uneven patches. Then, it penetrates deep into pores so they appear smaller and less visible. Skin is instantly smoother and more even, with less visible pores. Get smaller looking pores with new Neutrogena Pore Refining Cleanser.
New Neutrogena Ultra Sheer Dry Touch Sunblock. Feels like nothing on. Protects like nothing else. Broad-spectrum protection with breakthrough Dry-Touch technology. Neutrogena. Dermatologist recommended suncare.
The last time you quit smoking you forgot to tell your brain. Of course you could quit with NicoDerm CQ. It's designed to gradually reduce the brain's need for nicotine. Os your brain's happy. You're happy. Or at least you're happy that your brain is happy.
While Nicotrol has only one step, Nicoderm CQ has three. So you can step down your doses gradually, the way doctors and pharmacists prefer. Nicoderm CQ. The power to calm, the power to comfort, the power to help you quit.
If you're quitting smoking, you should know that in the morning Nicoderm CQ gives you a higher level of medicine than the round store patch, and stays higher all morning long. CQ's behavioral support program is clinically proven; theirs isn't. And CQ's the more gradual patch. Quitting is tough. Take all the help you can get. Nicoderm CQ. The power to calm, the power to comfort, the power to help you quit.
When you smoke, nicotine goes right to your lungs and then to your brain. When you want to stop smoking, you chew Nicorette gum. You get just enough nicotine into your bloodstream to help you cope with your cravings. And as the cravings get fewer and fewer, the less Nicorette gum you need…until you use none. And none is a wonderful number.
Before giving in to that one cigarette. Remember, they travel in packs. You can do it. Nicorette can help.
Nicorette® gum helps you quit smoking by gradually weaning your body off nicotine. Just one bite and it goes to work to start to control cravings. For the first 6 weeks - use Nicorette every 1 -2 hours. And, for tough or sudden cravings, you can use an extra piece.. Nicorette. Start Chewing. Start quitting.
Now incredible skin can happen overnight. Because Nivea’s newest body crème is formulated to work at night , when your skin is more receptive to moisture. So you wake to dramatically improved skin.
Transform yourself into someone much smoother. Deep-Cleaning Face Scrub from Nivea for Men.
Now soothe away long-lasting eye make-up. New Nivea Visage Eye makeup remover. You've never felt anything like it. A gentle gel-cream with therapeutic Pro-Vitamin B5. Not too heavy. Not too light. Yet it dissolves long-lasting eye make-up away without a trace, leaving you feeling soothed and soft. Nivea brings your face to life.
New Nivea Visage Tinted Moisturizer. Now you can gently enhance your natural coloring and even-out your skin tone without heavy foundations, while therapeutic Vitamin E and protective moisturizers soothe your skin. In fair-to-light. And medium-to-dark. Nivea brings your face to life.
This woman doesn’t have cancer, but if she did the North Shore LIJ Health System would be there with a comprehensive early detection program that includes some of today’s most advanced diagnostics for breast, cervical, uterine, and ovarian cancers. With a network of hospitals that treats more women cancer patients than any other system in the region we serve, resulting in excellent cure rates, every woman we care for has the best chance to emerge victorious. Northshore LIJ- setting new standards in healthcare.
Suddenly your foaming face wash seems like an underachiever. Noxzema H2Foam Cleansing Cloths are two sided to clean deeper than the #1 foaming face wash. The proof? It’s on the cloth.
At last, a triple blade designed especially for women. The Noxzema K-3 Triple Blade Razor System. The K-3 features a pivoting head and micro foil guard to prevent nicks and cuts, and a Noxzema moisturizing strip to lubricate and prevent irritation. The k-3, The Triple blade that delivers more.
We all worry. Funny how the more secure we get, the more we seem to have at stake. Getting older used to be about getting closer. Closer to freedom. Closer to goals. Closer to life. Now … it's different. Now, we want it back. That's where Nu-vile comes in. Nu-vile provides tailor-made transfusions of rich, rejuvenating blood, drawn from only the healthiest babies on the market. Nu-Vile. Get closer to life again.
When you have a cold, there’s a big difference between having to get up and wanting to get up. That’s the NyQuil difference. Because taking NyQuil helps relieve all major cold symptoms that keep you up at night. So in the morning you can wake up rested. And have a shining start to your day.
Say goodbye to the ouch factor with new O.B. Silk Ease tampons. They’ve got a silky smooth cover that makes them easier to insert and remove. And only O.B. tampons were designed by a women gynecologist to give you unsurpassed personal fit protection. Know for yourself.
Jealous of all those straight-haired girls? Get over it with salon-style Ogilvie Straightener. Soft, silky straight hair. With a no-fuss formula that can last for months. Envy is a wasted emotion.
Oil of Olay Bath Bar has more moisture-rich lather than ever before. Unlike soap, it helps hold moisture in. So skin isn’t just softer, its condition and texture are actually improved all over. All for the same price as the leading beauty bar. Oil of Olay...For a lifetime of beautiful skin.
This bar is all about your face – making it soft, smooth.. never dry like soap can. Even if you like the beauty bar with ¼ moisturizing cream, when you try this bar you might just do an about face. Oil of Olay the brand more dermatologists recommend and more women trust for beautiful skin.
Who says you can’t have it all? New Complete UV Protection Moisture Lotion. Now have everything in a lotion. This is new Oil of Olay Complete. And is it ever complete. It protects against damaging UVA and UVB rays. It’s got vitamin E and light, greaseless Olay moisture for healthy, beautiful skin. This one lotion has it all. Oil of Olay. Proven to give your skin everything it needs most to look beautiful.
You have a choice. You could either choose to fight the appearance of lines and wrinkles. Or you could choose to fight the appearance of pores, blotches, tone texture, dryness and lines and wrinkles! Total Effects. From Olay. Fighting for you.
Your mother always said it's what's on the inside that counts. Don't you hate it when she's right. Olay vitamins. Start skincare from the inside and work your way out with new Olay Beauty Nutrient Vitamins. A complete vitamin line that includes key ingredients to nurture healthy, beautiful skin. Olay, love the skin you're in.
Most regular soaps leave your skin feeling dry. But Olay-clean lather is specially formulated to wash away dry skin. No other beauty bar leaves skin smoother. Because dry cleaners are for blouses. Not Bodies. Olay...love the skin you're in.
She once worshipped the sun. She believed Laugh lines were a part of living. Fight damage with new Olay Intensive Restoration Treatment. It helps restore the appearance of time worn skin with a blend of vitaniancin and the most concentrated pro-retinol available over the counter. Zoning in to fight past damage on forehead eyes cheek mouth, where you need it most. New Olay Total Effects Intensive Restoration Treatment. Totally Love the Skin You're In.
Your first age spot. You think everyone notices. A laser can zap it, but lasers aren't for you. New Olay Regenerist Targeted Tone Enhancer. To pinpoint discolorations, diminish their appearance and bring new brightness to your skin.
New Olay Total Effect 7x. More power to kiss signs of aging good-bye. Now with 7 vitamins and minerals. Olay Total Effects 7x has more power than ever. It fights 7 signs of aging and is so powerful, it actually works better than department store brands. Signed, sealed, delivered. Olay Total Effects 7X improves the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, age spots, dryness and pores. New Olay Total Effects 7x. At Olay we love the skin you’re in.
Pushing myself to the limit is what this is all about. And I need and anti-perspirant that can keep up. That's why I use Old Spice high endurance clear gel. Try it. If you don't like it Old Spice will buy you a stick of something else. A clear gel that’s strong? I'm there. Old Spice high endurance clear gel.
If you have it,
you don't need it.
If you need it,
you don't have it.
If you have it,
you need more of it.
I you have more of it,
you don't need less of it.
You need it,
to get it.
And you certainly need it,
to get more of it.
But if you don't have any of it to begin with,
you can't get any of it to get started,
which means you really have no idea
how to get it in the first place.
Do you?
You can share it.
Sure.
You can even stock pile it if you like.
But you can't fake it.
Wanting it,
needing it,
wishing for it.
The point is:
If you've never had any of it,
Ever,
people just seem to know.
EXPERIENCE IS EVERYTHING
OLD SPICE
Contributed by Richurd
Hello, ladies, look at your man, now back to me, now back at your man, now back to me. Sadly, he isn’t me, but if he stopped using ladies scented body wash and switched to Old Spice, he could smell like he’s me. Look down, back up, where are you? You’re on a boat with the man your man could smell like. What’s in your hand, back at me. I have it, it’s an oyster with two tickets to that thing you love. Look again, the tickets are now diamonds. Anything is possible when your man smells like Old Spice and not a lady. I’m on a horse.
Show me sparkling color that’s never fake. So low in ammonia and rich in botanicals, it leaves your hair incredibly soft. No straw here. OPEN. Get sparkling color…and skip the drama.
Finally…. A toothpaste for toddlers that will make moms smile. Introducing Orajel toddler training toothpaste…it’s fluoride-free, so it’s safe for toddlers to swallow. And it’s made with microdent….a special ingredient that cleans teeth and gums without foaming. Your kids will love the fun flavors. And you’ll love knowing it’s fluoride-free. Orajel.
Introducing Advantage Artica. For whiter teeth everyone will notice. The amazing new Oral-B Advantage Artica Whitening Toothbrush has a unique polishing cup bristle design to help maximize the effectiveness of your toothpaste. It cleans and whitens your teeth, leaving you with a brighter, whiter, healthy-looking smile.
Healthy smile. Healthy teeth. Healthy life. Helping you have healthy teeth for life is what Oral-B does best. Now, with the Cross-Action Toothbrush, criss-cross bristles lift and sweep away more harmful plaque than today's leading brushes. So your teeth aren't just clean, they're healthy for the long run. Cross Action from Oral-B. Helping you have healthy teeth for life.
That's the thing about kids: they're always growing. So we made a line of toothbrushes to meet their growing needs. New Oral-B stages is the only line of toothbrushes designed for he way kids' teeth grow, their motor skills, even how they think. Only from Oral-B. The brand more dentists use themselves.
Brushing your teeth just became an environmentally-friendly act. The Oral Magic recyclable toothbrush has an ergonomically-designed reusable handle and disposable heads, so your money goes to premium bristles instead of handles. Available at WinnDixie stores, www.oralmagic.com, or ask for it at your favorite stores. Call 1-800-571-2877 for more information.
Your cell phone is vibrating… again. There are 40 unanswered e-mails in your inbox, and your boss has marked 3 as URGENT! Stress has been a dominant feature of our way-too-busy lives for decades, but with the increase of noise, lights, and sounds in our 24/7 world, life can be overwhelming. Now there is a way out…thanks to Origins new Peace of Mind botanicals.
It's not hard to remember to take the pill everyday. It's just so easy to forget. Introducing the Birth Control Patch. It's just as effective as the Pill. It's thin and smooth and it stays put. The first weekly birth control patch. Ortho Evra. On your body, off your mind.
If you are over 60 you should know the warning signs of osteoporosis.  Unfortunately, there aren't any.  The fact is, nearly 40% of women in their sixties have osteoporosis.  Your risk may vary but it does increase with age.
They never told me what to expect. I never realized how delicate her skin would be, but the hospitals did -- they put her in PAMPERS. They’ve got this lock-away core that holds wetness away and keeps it away, to help keep her skin dry. No regular diapers protect her better or keep her happier, which makes me happy, too.
Every baby born at this hospital is put right into a quilted Pampers diaper. In fact, more hospitals use quilted Pampers than all other diapers put together. Pampers help keep a baby’s clothes and bedding dry. And that saves on laundry. Quilted PAMPERS ... your baby deserves the best.
When your hair gets what it needs, you can't help but feel special. That's the experience of Pantene conditioners. Pro-vitamin formulas designed to give you hair strength, moisture, and shine - all in one week. Feel like one in a million. Pantene.
My hair used to have a mind of its own! So, I moussed it ... gelled it ... sprayed it! Great for my style. But, how good was that stuff for my hair? Then I found Pantene. You don’t have to choose between great style and great hair. Pantene takes care of both ... serious care for beautiful hair. Now my hair not only looks better, I feel better. PANTENE ... when it’s not just looks that matter.
Break free from the hold of old-fashioned hairsprays. With Pantene Pro-V Flexible Hold Hairspray with Elastesse. It’s a totally different kind of hold that isn’t so stiff or sticky like those traditional hairsprays. It’s the best hold and the best feel, the best of both worlds.
Pantene system technology. Now proven best for smoothing, shining, unfrizzing, protecting the health of your hair. Question- So why would you ever use anything else? Pantene- love your hair.
(Go-Go's "Head Over Heels" playing) Ready to go head-over-heels for big volume? It's the Pantene Volume Collection. With its hair-raising Pantene pro-vitamin formula. For up to 50 percent more volume. Turn flat into fabulous. Get ready to go head-over-heels for big volume. Pantene volume. That's the beauty of health.
Want to turn dull hair into electric shine in just ten days? Try Pantene Pro V. Pantene Pro-V for unstoppable shine. The Pantene pro-vitamin formula radiates through every strand for up to 85% more electric shine in ten days guaranteed. Dull hair was so ten days ago. Pantene Shine. That's the beauty of health.
In thickness and in health. New Full and thick created for thinning hair: the amplifying pro-vitamin formula penetrates deep into every strand hair looks. 35% thicker guaranteed. For fuller thicker looking hair go to www.pantene.com
Are you brushing twice a day? You could be ruining your hair. It’s true, The simple act of brushing can break your hair. The solution? Pantene Pro V Shampoo and treatment conditioners. To keep your hair naturally strong. So it break less. Pantene Pro V. For hair so healthy, it shines.
For occasional heartburn, try Pepcid first. You take it only when you need it. Take Pepcid AC when you know heartburn's coming and stop it before it starts - or - Pepcid Complete after heartburn's already hit. It stops heartburn fast and lasts all day. No prescriptions required. PEPCID - Just one --- and heartburn's gone.
These days ... a woman’s gotta look right ... just right. Ya know ... right clothes, right hair, and definitely right smile. I mean, if her teeth aren’t nice and shiny white, well ... you won’t see my lips kissing hers. Like the first time I went shopping with Julie, and she bought Pepsodent ... I knew right then I’d definitely be kissin' her lips real soon. Hey ... she asked for it ... with PEPSODENT Teeth Whitener. For mouths that say “Kiss me.”
Wherever your weekend takes you...take Pepto.
In healthcare, there are a million stories every day. At Philips, our job is to change each outcome for the better, by understanding every point of view - and every place that healthcare is needed. A million stories every day. At Philips, our aim is to make a difference in each one.
In healthcare, there are a million stories every day. At Philips, our job is to change each outcome for the better, by understanding every point of view and every place that healthcare is needed. A million stories every day. At Philips, our aim is to make a difference in each one.
Sonicare. Brush. Clean. Whiten. Smile. The simple truth is all power toothbrushes are not created equal. Philips Sonicare. The Sonic toothbrush.
For 20 hours your hair will do what you want it to do. Now, if you could only say the same for your boyfriend. Physique Styling Sprays guarantee you 20 full hours of fabulous hair. In fact, with the way you look, your boyfriend might just do whatever you want him to after all. Physique Science gives you the style nature didn't.
Plavix could help make a difference, so ask your doctor about adding plavix. Taken with aspirin and your current treatment, plavix goes beyond what you’re taking to help raise protection against heart attack or stroke. Plavix and your other medications work in different ways. Plavix taken with aspirin play its own role in keeping blood platlets from sticking together and forming clots, which helps keep blood flowing.
Introducing a spill-proof cup that’ll keep a drink cool and fresh longer than a nap. No more crying over “funny” tasting milk or warm juice. The Playtex Insulator has a double-wall insulated construction to keep drinks cool twice as long as any ordinary spill-proof cup. So it’ll outlast a playdate, a video, even a nap. The spill-proof cup that really keeps its cool.
Our assisted living community’s most valued amenity? Peace of Mind. At Pond Ridge, monthly rent includes all meals, housekeeping and an array of helpful services. Enjoy your life...Pond Ridge.
Women ask me if there’s really anything that can make them look younger. So, I ask, “Are you still just using a moisturizer?” After they say yes, I give them Pond’s new Age-Defying Lotion. It contains alpha nutrients. No age-defying ingredient has been found that can beat it. They start to see the proof in 2 weeks. The look and feel of younger skin. Try getting that from a moisturizer. AGE-DEFYING LOTION ... new from the Pond’s Institute.
Introducing Pond’s Cleansing and Make-Up Remover Towelettes. So revolutionary -- our dirt loving fiber gently cleans dirt, removes make-up in one easy step (even the dreaded waterproof kind). So quick -- skin is left soft, healthy, clean in seconds. Wow!
Pravachol is the only cholesterol-lowering drug of its kind proven to help prevent first heart attacks. And the grim fact is, up to 35% of people do not survive their first heart attack. Improving your diet and exercise is an important first step, but may not be enough. So ask your doctor about Pravachol. It reduces the risk of a first heart attack and the need for surgery to clear blocked coronary arteries. Pravachol has been prescribed by doctors for millions of men and women worldwide. It could help you live a longer, healthier life.
Pravachol should not be taken by women who are pregnant or nursing, people who are allergic to any of its ingredients or by anyone with liver disease. Your doctor may perform simple blood tests to check your liver function before and during treatment with Pravachol. Muscle pain or weakness could be a sign of a rare but serious side effect and should be reported to your doctor right away. Be sure your doctor knows about other medications you may be taking in order to avoid any possible serious drug interactions.
Who says you can’t share secrets with your grandson for years and years? Pravachol. For more information, call toll free 1-877-PRAVA-CHOL. It’s your life...fight for it.
If you're paying too much for your prescriptions, generics may work as well as brand names. Tell your physician and pharmacist everything you're taking. Some medicines don't interact well. Remember, no matter what an ad says about a drug, it may not be right for you. AARP reminds you to check up on your prescriptions.
If you’re on chemotherapy, and finding it difficult to do the things you normally do, it’s important to tell your doctor about your symptoms. You may actually be anemic and not even know it. Anemia can cause extreme tiredness, dizziness and shortness of breath. You may also find it difficult to think clearly. Fortunately there’s Procrit. It treats the symptoms of chemo-related anemia which can give you more strength. Ask your doctor if Procrit is right for you.
Sick and tired of feeling sick and tired? Use the power of anti-oxidants to fight the signs of aging. Scientifically studied and doctor approved, Proleva is a natural breakthrough that nourishes your body. One serving of Proleva has health benefits equal to 5 glasses of red wine, 9 glasses of green tea and 4 cups of pomengranate juice combined. For a free 10 day trial of Proleva, call 888-261-7171. Offer ends soon, so call now. 888-261-7171. Proleva.
I know. You think tissues are wimps. Well, my friends, that's ordinary tissues. Not me. Puffs Extra Strength. I'm the strongest tissue around. Even wet, one of me is stronger than two of these guys. Cause I'm no wimp. Leading brand -- hah! So go ahead --- give me all you got. I'm built for it. As for my name, Puffs ... ah, that's another story. I'd have called myself Tuffs.
Everybody’s always telling you how to clean things. Your hair, your nails, your sink. Anybody ever tell you how to clean an ear? Well, I’m gonna tell ya’. First, find an ear. then grasp a nice, soft Q-Tip Swab. Firmly, stroke gently. Careful! Only on the outside. Ahhh, soft....oh, and remember, never put anything inside your ear....except your elbow.
It wasn't supposed to happen to her. Sue always gave herself a monthly breast exam. She took care of herself, exercised regularly, and didn't smoke. But this time, something felt different. She immediately called her doctor and made an appointment. At Quality Hospital, we know that one out of three women risks developing a breast lump and one in 10 have a chance of developing breast cancer. Yet with early detection, treatment is often successful. Our safe, painless, and effective low-dose radiation mammography can detect breast cancer in its early stages, long before a lump is even felt.
Not all saw palmetto extracts are the same. In a recent clinical trial conducted and supervised by doctors, the natural extract in Quanterra was proven safe and effective. That’s a claim many saw palmettos don’t make. Plus, Quanterra is standardized for quality, potency, and consistency. To learn about the new Quanterra line of clinically proven herbal supplements, visit our website at www.TakeYourQ.com or call 1-877-QUANTERRA. if it’s not clinically proven, it’s not Quanterra.
Saturday night ... six o’clock ... and you’re late for the hottest date of your life. He’ll be here any minute ... What? You haven’t chosen a perfume yet? Okay, okay...what kind of mood are you in? Aaaaaahhhh ... Well in that case, you’d better wear Lauren, by Ralph Lauren ... Me? ... I love it; chances are he will too ... Quick, put some on ... There ... Now you’re ready.
Ralph Lauren Romance. The woman’s fragrance that evokes the timeless essence of falling in love with a sensual blend of velvety woods, extravagant florals and seductive musk.
Introducing Redken’s Glass 01 Smoothing Serum. It doesn’t build up on hair. This lightweight, oil free serum repels moisture to protect against humidity. Redken. Flatten the frizz. Kick up the shine.
Exaggerate fullness. New Redken Full Frame. Moisture-rich foam builds body and helps protect hair from heat styling, humidity, and color fade. Redken's exclusive patented bonding system provides long-lasting volume, manageability and reflective shine. Take control...Redken Style.
Not many things knock you out like a migraine. But you can knock out a migraine with Relpax. It relieves migraine pain and symptoms, such as nausea and sensitivity to light and sound. Ask your doctor about Relpax. And when the next migraine hits, you’ll be ready.
Flexibility, it's what makes Remington's new smooth and silky ultra our best shaver ever. It's the exclusive ultra flex shaving system. Hugs every curve for our closest, most comfortable shave. Remington - America's #1 brand.
Did you know your skin is more receptive to moisture and nutrients while you sleep? Nivea does. That's why Renewal Night Crème will revolutionize your nights.
Revlon’s got the look you want, for lips and nails, in earthy natural rusts, rosy taupes, tawny corals ... sensational looks that carry you from daytime casual to evening chic ... moisturizing colors that last until you take them off. With 20 shades to choose from, you set the stage for easy living or high fashion. Summer may be over, but the excitement isn’t! REVLON’S got the look you want, in an Autumn burst of color!
Forget clumpy lashes. Make eeevery single lash count!
Comb. Highlight. Gorgeous. New Revlon High Dimension Color Accents Highlighting kit. The Breakthrough? An exclusive applicator comb that regulates the right amount of color every time. So you get Salon style highlights from root to tip. Fast. Easy. Beautiful. For natural and color treated hair. In 3 universal shades. One of them yours. Only Revlon makes it. Only you make it unforgettable.
Funny thing being a red head...when I was a kid, I just wanted to be like everybody else, now it's one of the things that makes me me. Get your best color. Revlon High Dimension Hair Color, so precise it takes only 10 minutes to deliver rich, dimensional color where it's needed most. Every time. With deep conditioners that gently protect so your hair stays soft and shiny, and beautiful. I like being me.. 10 minutes to beautiful. Revlon. Be unforgettable.
If you’re like most of today’s women, you’re not exactly a flower. You’re more like the “scent of a flower”. Beautiful, enticing, always independent. Something mysterious and changing. Impossible to capture. It was for you, the new woman, so tempting and so whimsical, that Revlon created a new perfume. MISCHIEF ... FROM REVLON.
Hate moisture lipsticks that disappear? Moisture Stay Lipcolor colorlock complex holds moisture filled color plus extended wear. Revlon Moisture Stay.
The only thing you feel is luscious. New! Moisturous Lipcolor. Maximum Moisture. Minimum weight. Revlon. Only Revlon makes it. Only you make it unforgettable.
The Ultimate Smoothness. The Ultimate Shine. The Ultimate Nail Color. Hands down. Revlon Nail Enamel. From the reddest reds to the nudist nudes. 56 Ultimate shades. Your’s included. Revlon. Only Revlon makes it. Only you make it unforgettable.
Nothing looks like it. Nothing feels like it. Nothing lasts like it. Revlon introduces ... Velvet Touch Lipstick. A sultry, velvety finish. A sumptuous, velvety feel. Colors so potent, they last up to 6 hours long. The most luxurious lipstick ever created. REVLON VELVET TOUCH LIPSTICK. What more could two lips ask for?
Big news at Rite-Aid! We've just lowered prices on the things you need most. Savings you can get every day. And there is something else you will like about Rite-Aid. The care our Pharmacists give you. When you combine personal service with 100s of new lower prescription prices, its no wonder people are switching to Rite-Aid. Find out for yourself ….
When you’re worried about your little patient’s cough or cold, it’s nice to know that the name you’ve always trusted, Robitussin, has special formulas that give your child long-lasting cough relief day or night. Robitussin Pediatric formulas have a great cherry taste, and are alcohol-free. They’re medicines your kids won’t mind taking. And since more doctors and pharmacists recommend Robitussin, they’re medicines you’ll feel good about giving.
Mothers have learned from countless doctors to take care of coughs with Robitussin. Moms take that advice home. ROBITUSSIN ... recommended by Doctor Mom. Ask your doctor or pharmacist.
I love Dad. I'm just not in a rush to look like him. When your dad lost his hair there was no Rogaine. You, however, have no such excuse. Rogaine is clinically proven to work directly on the scalp to help stop hair loss. Dermatologists know this. They recommend Rogaine more than any other treatment. So at the first sign of fallout, use something else you inherited from your dad: Brains. Rogaine. Stronger than heredity.
Hey, I spend my days 40 stories in the air with a whole construction crew depending on me for their safety. I gotta be on top of my game every second of the day. The last thing I need is acid reflux getting in my way. That’s why I use Rolaids. They act fast, so I can act fast.
Shake! Roll! Shimmer! No brush! No fuss! New Roller Color loose powder eye shadow. Get that sheer, loose powder look without the spills or fuss. Shimmery color rolls on clean, leaves lids luscious. Ten sexy new shades!
Discover Rouge Allure, the irresistible new lipstick from Chanel. Click open the elegant case to reveal rich, long-lasting color that glides on for an alluring satin finish. Visit Chanel.com to experience more.
Here’s a remarkable fact: doctors do not find 90% of all breast lumps. Women who test themselves by performing a monthly breast self-examination find them. Fortunately, 80% of the lumps women find are not breast cancer. Saint Barnabas Cancer Center.
Light in a bottle Chrome Nail Makeup. Non-stop mirror shine. Glides on and speed dries in 60 seconds. Only from Sally Hansen. America's #1 nail expert.
Can a sunset make you happy? A child's laugh? A warm breeze? No. Not without emotional well-being inside. Now to help support the emotional wellness needed to enjoy life, there's Sam-E from Nature Made. This natural supplement used around the world is now here, for you. Nature Made Sam-E. Because happiness comes from the inside. Now to help support the emotional wellness needed to enjoy life there's Sam-E from Nature Made. This natural supplement used around the world is now here for you. Nature Made Sam-E. Because happiness comes from the inside.
So close your 5 O'clock shadow shows up late. With four blades and two conditioning strips the new Schick Quattro gives you an incredibly close, smooth, shave.
First there was one blade, then two, then three. But four blades? Give me a break! Right? Wrong. Schick Quattro has four blades and two conditioning strips, so you get an incredibly close, smooth shave. Schick Quattro…the power of four.
The fuzz stops here. Modified for a woman's curves, the Quattro For Women Razor has all the sophisticated features of a man's razor - adding up to one seriously serious shave. Four blades synchronized to give you ultimate smoothness with a single pass. Let's hear it for teamwork.
The best disposable shave ever. And it's pink to discourage your boyfriends from borrowing it. Schick Xtreme 3 for women, with Vitamin E. Your skin will love you for smooth, Triple Blade closeness. And adore you for avoiding razor burn. No wonder it's preferred 2 to 1 over all other disposables. Get close. Not burned.
Hey, if you can't face another night without sleep, check out Sleep Solutions from Searle. A breakthrough approach to sleep therapy that can actually help you re-establish good sleep habits. Sleep Solutions from Searle. Available through your doctor.
Sleeveless is hot. White marks are not. And they certainly do not make cute accessories. New Improved Secret Platinum Invisible Solid stays clearer and lasts longer. Secret – because you’re hot.
Day Spa. In a secret formula. New Secret Skin Renewal. Made for a woman with Provitalin-- a revolutionary blend of skin conditioners with ProVitamins B5 and E. Day 1--Stay dry and fresh. Day 7-- Get a smoother shave. Day 14-- Feel deeply conditioned. Keep it strong, smooth, renewed. Keep it Secret.
Finally, there’s a dandruff shampoo made just for you. Selsun Gold for Women. Selsun Gold’s tough on dandruff, gentle on hair. With the #1 doctor-recommended dandruff medicine, that not only takes care of flaking and itching -- it actually helps prevent dandruff from coming back. Plus, gentle cleansers and special conditioners that leave hair softer, shinier than you ever thought a dandruff shampoo could ... it’s even mild enough for colored or permed hair. SELSUN GOLD ... for women only.
Fruit smoothies skintimate Peaches and Raspberries Rain Shave Gel. Two delicious new ways to smoother, softer legs. Get skintimate with your legs.
There's a secret on the set. Photo Finish Foundation Primer fills fine lines and wrinkles with a silky blend of vitamin A, C, and E; antioxidants protect and create smoother, softer, younger-looking skin - instantly. Makeup developed by the artists at Smashbox Photo Studios. Our knowledge. Your beauty.
You’re a woman with a special glow. The way you walk ... the way you talk ... and your hair has a shine that says it all. Sof ‘n Lovely sets your style ... and it shows in everything you do. You’re a SOF ‘N LOVELY woman.
New Soft & Dry Beads and Stripes. Show odor & wetness no mercy. New Soft & Dri Power Caps gel has beads of extra odor-neutralizing ingredients. And just like Power Stripe, it goes on clear to help keep you dry and stop odors before they start. Strong & beautiful just like you.
Five delicious flavors. Zero calories.Softlips Lip protectants. Your lips never had it so good. Hungry for something smooth and delicious? Try Softlips protectants. They’re loaded with rich emollients to help prevent chapping and keep your lips delectably soft. Just look for the super-slim sticks and the unique sophisticated flavors. Healthy lips, luscious flavors and not a single calorie. Softlips lip protectants are the height of good taste. Softlips because lips should be soft.
You want to keep in shape. You want to feel better, look better, and live longer. You can diet from now ‘til doomsday, but there’s no substitute for exercise. Spa Lady has developed an exercise program for the working woman who can’t find the time to exercise. A graduated program that takes you from a 10-minute workout just five times a week, all the way up to 20 minutes three times a week. Believe me, you’ll feel better than you’ve ever felt before, and that’ll help your self image. SPA LADY ... where time and energy are put to good use.
How long does it take to get a really good workout? I used to work out for over an hour on machines and free weights. But now, I’ve switched to the 30-Minute Workout at Spa Lady. Is 30 minutes enough? You tell me. SPA LADY -- where 30 minutes is all it takes.
You can wait for passion, or you can ignite it. Introducing Spark, the passionate new fragrance from Liz Clayborne. Spark, and just like that, it begins.
Sometimes there’s a moment when everything comes together...a moment of splendor. Elizabeth Arden...Splendor. The enchanting new fragrance that captures the spirit of romance.
Escape the noise. Forget the demands. Experience the freedom. New Stetson Country Cologne for men. Wear it and you’re there.
Got Waves? Get new Any Waves for naturally wavy hair. Liquid Body gives you waves that are full, never flat. All-In-One CremeGel makes waves manageable and controls frizz. And Holding Pattern gives great hold with great shine. Studio Line, Create your look the way you like it.
When you’ve got a real cough. Get real relief. Anywhere. Anytime. Introducing the strongest, most effective 8-hour cough medicine you can buy. Sucrets. Made stronger to last longer…guaranteed.
Introducing new Sudafed Cold & Sinus. Strong cold relief that takes you all the way to better. Feel a powerful pain reliever lift away your cold’s aches as Sudafed’s sinus medicine lifts away painful pressure. Feel the difference as it lifts away that last obstacle to really feeling better ... no more drowsy side effects. So with new SUDAFED COLD & SINUS ...feel better, not worse.
Feel your cold build ... body aches ... headache ... think it’s bad now? Sinus inflammation will make that cold really hurt! Tightening it’s grip so pressure builds. Introducing non-drowsy Sudafed Cold & Sinus. As a powerful pain reliever, it soothes nagging aches ... Sudafed Anti-Inflammatory action relieves sinus pressure. New SUDAFED COLD & SINUS. Takes cold relief all the way to your sinuses.
Some sinus medicines can make sensitive nasal tissue feel dry and uncomfortable, but new Sudafed Non-Drying Sinus has a moisturizing formula that helps keep nasal tissue feeling moist and comfortable, while it drains away sinus pressure. Take new SUDAFED NON-DRYING SINUS.
Hey!, when your friends are envious of your hair and nails, give 'em this song and dance: 'Don't look blah, go to Sunshine Spa!' Visit Sunshine Spa and give yourself something to sing about too! Walk ins welcome.
Your hair, job title & priorities change over time. Perhaps your vitamins should too. SUPER NUTRITION multi-vitamins where natural products are sold or call 1-800-262-2116.
SupraClens. Just one drop keeps lenses like new longer. Even people who tried SupraClens for as long as six months said their lenses still felt as good as lenses less than a week old. One drop, and you’ll be a believer too. Because your lenses should be the last thing on your mind.
Tempur-Pedic pillows will do miracles for your sleep. Back Sleepers. Stomach Sleepers. Side Sleepers. All Sleepers. Tempur-Pedic is the perfect pillow. Soft where you want it, more supportive where you need it. And for Problem Sleepers, try the Tempur-Pedic Anti-Snore Pillow. Its clinically tested design helps keep the airway open to help reduce snoring. Tempur-Pedic. Pillows designed for the way you sleep.
Tender Touch Wipes leaves baby clean and smooth and you soft and moisturized. The first wipe designed with both you and baby in mind. Tender Touch Wipes… with vitamin E and lanolin, no other wipe feels this good.
Do you need a luxurious, relaxing moment? Escape into our delightfully intoxicating Lavender Garden. Experience uplifting sensations as your skin is gently cleansed and conditioned with this unique, pure and natural body wash. Lavender Garden by Terressentials. Revel in Sweet Bliss.
Discover the path to total pampering. Mintherapy for feet. A total approach to footcare that pampers and problem solves every step of the way. Soothing lotion, smoothing scrub, softening soak and more. Infused with cooling mint and enhanced with natural botanicals. The Healing Garden. Holistic solutions for the mind, body, and spirit.
An enduring expression; a lasting impression. Inspired by Waterborn botanicals to capture a new intensity in fragrance. Deeply rich. Nourished by nature. Long lasting. The Healing Garden Waters.
If you’re still reeling from a prostate cancer diagnosis and are looking for the most experienced doctors and the most advanced treatment available, search no more. The experts in robotic surgery at the New Jersey Center for Prostate Cancer & Urology, have performed more than 5,000 successful surgeries for prostate cancer. Our continuing research into the innovative use of robotic surgical techniques has also led to successful treatments of other urological disorders, such as bladder and kidney cancer. For 11 years, we’ve used the latest minimally invasive procedures to reduce pain, scarring and blood loss, so our patients can get back to their lives faster than ever before. If you’ve been diagnosed with prostate, bladder or kidney cancer, we can help.
The New Jersey Center for Prostate Cancer & Urology.
To make an appointment call 201-487-8866 or visit roboticurology.com to learn more.
Sometimes, the most difficult part of recovering from an accident or illness is remaining in a hospital ... when you’d rather be at home. Now there’s a better way. It’s called The Reservoir. The Reservoir is exclusively devoted to short-term rehabilitative services. From cardiac and orthopedic recovery, to medically complex conditions, there is no finer care available than at THE RESERVOIR. Plus, in most cases, insurance, Medicare, or workers’ compensation will cover your stay. Call now to arrange for a tour at 212-561-7022.
The Sansum Santa Barbara Medical Foundation clinic has earned a reputation as one of the premier providers of specialty medical care on the Central Coast. That's why for years Bakersfield residents have trusted the Sansum name and board-certified physicians for care and treatment in more than 30 specialty areas. Three of Sansum's top board-certified urologists, will be giving presentations and answering your questions about prostate diseases, sexual disfunction and bladder problems, during this free, one night only, informational seminar.
Now, whenever you use heat to style, you’ll not only add volume to your hair, you’ll actually make it look and feel healthier. ThermaSilk Mousse has a revolutionary heat activated protein formula that goes beyond protection. It actually improves the condition of your hair every time you heat style. ThermaSilk. Where there’s heat, there’s healthy hair.
Imagine heat improving the condition of your hair. Introducing ThermaSilk heat activated Shampoo and Conditioner. Now, whenever you use heat to style, you’ll activate our revolutionary protein formula. ThermaSilk goes beyond protection to actually improve the condition of your hair as you heat style. Leaving your hair looking and feeling healthier. ThermaSilk. Where there’s heat, there’s healthy hair.
Age is truly a state of mind. Don’t let arthritis pain tell you otherwise! Tylenol arthritis pain extended relief is as effective as the most prescribed arthritis pain medicine-but is much gentler to your stomach. No wonder so many people take comfort in the medicine, arthritis experts recommend first.
Mothers protect the health and safety of their children in many different ways. And when it comes to relieving fevers, Moms listen to their pediatricians, who overwhelmingly recommend Children’s Tylenol. It’s the first choice of pediatricians. They know Tylenol has no aspirin or ibuprofen, just the proven medicine that effectively relieves fevers. CHILDREN’S TYLENOL--the first choice of pediatricians.
With all the children’s cold medicines out there, how many do you think relieve every major cold symptom? Only one. CHILDREN’S TYLENOL COLD ... PLUS COUGH ... the only one you’ll need.
Hard to believe one of these guys woke up with a cold this morning. Tylenol Cold and Children’s Tylenol Cold. Take comfort in our strength.
What would you dream of doing tomorrow if tonight you had the best sleep of your life? Tylenol PM safely soothes away nighttime pain and helps you sleep. Gentle and non-habit-forming. So the next morning you'll be ready to embrace the dream of a new day.
Alarm clocks. School buses. 8 am meetings. Spilled coffee. Life is a contact sport. Not playing is not an option. Tylenol PM relieves your pain and eases you into a restful night’s sleep so you can wake up refreshed.
BOY, I got to get some of that spray stuff and clean out this elevator...the smell of perfume is knocking me out. I don’t get it... all of a sudden every woman in the building wants to ride in my elevator...last week they wouldn’t even look at me. What’s it all about...there’s nothing different about me...except maybe my toothpaste. That’s it! The Ultrabrite toothpaste...it really worked, Ultrabrite gives your mouth...sex appeal.
Can't sleep? Why take a P.M. with an extra medicine if you don't have a backache or a headache? Unisom sleep gels have the same amount of the same ingredients to help you fall asleep with no extra medicine. Unisom, It's all you need.
People don’t always use common sense. Fortunately, there’s a health care company that does. United HealthCare. Health planning tools to fight rising costs. 24-hour access to registered nurses. Preventive health care solutions. United HealthCare. It just makes sense.
Everyday we take all we know about the human condition and break it down. We take it apart and we inspect it. Does it save lives today? Will it save lives tomorrow? Is it the best it can be? We aren’t satisfied with merely answering the questions, we question the answers. We re-invent medicine. We make it better. Only then can it make you better. That’s what it means to be a real University Hospital. That’s what it means to be The University Hospital.
Has your hair lost it’s luster? Missing it’s bounce? Need some Va-va-va-voom? Let me tell you about this new shampoo I’ve been using. It’s not like your ordinary, run of the mill, “I share this with my husband” shampoo - no, this one goes beyond the call of duty to tame frizzies, banish split ends and most importantly, it gives you the confidence you need ( and a little bit of va-va-va-voooom! ). Why use your old shampoo when you can experience the power and endurance of Va-Va-Va-Voom shampoo? Call or click for your free sample today.
So you’ve decided to have a baby. Now comes the first new decision as a parent. Which hospital should you choose? Just ask the parents of some 3200 babies born at the Valley Hospital last year, and they’ll tell you that it wasn’t just the nice surroundings that brought them here, but the security of knowing the neo-natal intensive care nursery is affiliated with Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center. Valley Hospital. It may be the easiest decision you’ll ever make as a parent. The Valley Hospital of Ridgewood, New Jersey, part of the Valley Health System. Call 1-800-Valley-1 and we’ll tell you more.
Healthy values. That’s what’s in store at your local independently owned Value-Right Pharmacy. Just check our aisles for the red spotlight signs. When you see one, you’ve found healthy value, and a great Value Right price. Like this week’s special on Tums. Chose from an assortment of formulas and sizes. Just $1.99 to $2.49 use as directed. At participating Value-Right pharmacies. Value-Right. America’s neighborhood pharmacy. For the store nearest you, call 1-800-880-Value!
Introducing Venus Divine. Discover smoothness that makes every woman feel divine. Divinely smooth New Intensive Moisture. Strips enriched with natural aloe and botanical oils-for divinely smooth skin. Divinely close new comfort-coated blades for an incredibly close and comfortable sensitive curves. Divinely Comfortable Because every inch of a goddess is divine. Reveal the goddess in you.
Black sunglasses, gilt Medusa emblem, 100% U.V. protection…
Fast, lasting relief from a prickly throat. Vicks Chloraseptic Spray. Five sprays for instant relief that stays.
Dream Angels. Heavenly. The fragrance collection from Victoria's Secret. Experience Heaven on Earth.
Talk about hold! Talk about softness! New VIDAL SASSOON HAIRSPRAY delivers stronger, more touchable hold to any hairstyle. In Regular, Extra Hold, and Unscented Extra Hold. If you don’t look good, we don’t look good. Vidal Sassoon -- for hair that shines!
Vioxx is here. 24-hour relief for the most common type of arthritis pain, osteoarthritis. It isn't about winning a marathon. Or making you fell like a kid again. It's about controlling the pain that keeps you from doing every day things.
Nutritional Suppplement Guide. Making Quality Vitamins a part of your everyday life.
You may feel good about taking your multivitamin, but now you can take a multivitamin that actually helps make you feel good. New Vitsana scientifically blends essential vitamins and minerals with pure G115 ginseng -- the same ginseng used in Ginsana. In easy-to-swallow gelcaps, Vitsana has been clinically shown to improve vitality and add a healthy measure of vigor to your daily regimen. Something a multivitamin can’t do alone. Vitasana Gelcaps. The new multivitamin you can feel.
At Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy, we provide the convenience of a one-stop approach for all your prescription needs. Using Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy enables our clinical pharmacists to review your entire patient profile, so we can identify potential harmful drug interactions and other conflicts that may result from using multiple pharmacies. The Walgreens Specialty Pharmacy care team—from pharmacists and nurses to insurance advocates—is ready to provide the personalized, supportive, and dependable care that meets your unique needs
When you're at the corner of:
I'm a new parent and...
I have no idea what I'm doing.
You need a hand.
Well, Wallgreens is innovating to help.
By making prescription drugs this easy to fill,
and we're bringing our pharmacists out front to answer your questions.
At wallgreens we'll do more than help you get well.
We'll help you stay well, and live well.
Because that's what it means to be at the corner of happy and healthy.
Contributed by Richurd
If you floss you know what a two-handed tug of war feels like. Which is why we at Waterpik are introducing the Flosser. At a speed of 10,000 gentle strokes per minute, its nylon tip effectively removes plaque above and below the gumline. Making it a fast, easy and more convenient way to keep gums their healthiest, and teeth their cleanest. With no strings attached.
You're tired. You've had a rough week in a grimy city. But now you're at the shore. The sea is pounding and the air is fresh. You fill your lungs & breathe deeply of clean, fresh air with the tang of salt and the sound of waves. You're not tired anymore. WIND DRIFT does that to you because WIND DRIFT is about the sea. WIND DRIFT after-shave & cologne.
Exhausted to the extreme; get new Zest Cool Extreme refreshing mint. It wakes you, shakes you, and revives you with a clear rinse that's a refresher than the ordinary soap. New Zest Cool Extreme, feel the mint and get refreshed.
Four new colors & fragrances. Twice the lather of soap. Twice the fun. It’s a refreshingly different kind of clean. New zest body wash. Feel the clean. Have some fun.
Wake up and smell the tropics! New Zest Tropical Fresh. Get back your Zest.
You know when you can’t get over something traumatic from your past. You’re unable to feel. You get overly startled…and may have trouble sleeping. You may even feel like it’s happening again. You get so upset…your daily activities and relationships suffer. You know you just can’t put it behind you. It’s time to talk to your doctor about Zoloft, the #1 prescribed brand of its kind. Call 1-800-Zoloft4 or visit www.Zoloft.com.






Prev | 
  Next | 


  See all testimonials

